1
Updated February 13, 2020
Privacy Notice for California Residents
1/1/2020
This Privacy Notice for California Residents applies to individuals who live in the State of California and
whose data is subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA). Below describes what
information Anthem collects that is subject to the CCPA, your rights under the CCPA, and how you can
enforce those rights under the CCPA. Any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used
here.
Information We Collect
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated
with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device
(“Personal Information”).
Personal Information does not include:
 Publicly available information from government records.
 Deidentified or aggregated consumer information.
 Information excluded from the CCPA’s scope, like:
o health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and
Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical
Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data;
o personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the
Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California
Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver’s Privacy Protection Act of
1994.
If certain types of information are exempt from CCPA, and therefore this policy, other Anthem privacy
policies may apply such as our HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices.
Anthem has collected the following categories of Personal Information from its consumers within the
last twelve (12) months:
2
Updated February 13, 2020
Category Examples Collected?
A. Identifiers. A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online
identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name,
Social Security number, driver's license number, passport number, or
other similar identifiers.
YES
B. Personal information
categories listed in the
California Customer
Records statute (Cal. Civ.
Code § 1798.80(e)).
Information that is protected against security breaches such as: name,
signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or
description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's
license or state identification card number, insurance policy number,
education, employment, employment history, bank account number,
credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial
information, medical information, or health insurance information.
Some personal information included in this category may overlap with
other categories may not be subject to all the rights under the CCPA.
YES
C. Protected classification
characteristics under
California or federal law.
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin,
citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition,
physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity,
gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical
conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic
information (including familial genetic information).
YES
D. Commercial
information.
Records of personal property, products or services purchased,
obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories
or tendencies.
NO
E. Biometric information. Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or
activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or
identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and
voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical
patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
YES
F. Internet or other
similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's
interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
YES
G. Geolocation data. Physical location or movements. NO
H. Sensory data. Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information. NO
3
Updated February 13, 2020
I. Professional or
employment-related
information.
Current or past job history or performance evaluations. YES
J. Non-public education
information (per the
Family Educational Rights
and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C.
Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R.
Part 99)).
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an
educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades,
transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes,
student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
NO
K. Inferences drawn from
other personal
information.
Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological
trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and
aptitudes.
NO
We generally do not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal
information we collected for significantly different or meaningfully unrelated purposes without
providing you notice.
Where We Obtain Personal Information
We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:
 Directly from you. For example, from forms you complete on our website.
 Indirectly from you. For example, from observing your actions on our website or interactions with
our advertisers.
 Third parties. For example, pharmacy benefit managers or providers.
Use of Personal Information
We may use, or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following business
purposes:
 To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information. For example, if you share personal
information in order to be a credentialed provider in Anthem’s provider network, we will use that
personal information for the credentialing process.
 To provide you with information, products or services that you request from Anthem.
 To provide you with email alerts, event registrations and other notices concerning Anthem’s
services, or news that may be of interest to you.
 To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between
you and Anthem, including billing.
 To improve our website and present its contents to you.
 For testing, research, analysis, and product development.
 As necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Anthem and its employees,
Anthem’s clients or others.
4
Updated February 13, 2020
 To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or
governmental regulations.
 As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the
CCPA.
Sharing Personal Information
Anthem may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose. When we
disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose
and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any
purpose except performing the contract.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, Anthem has disclosed the following categories of personal
information for a business purpose:
Category A: Identifiers
Category B: California Customer Records
Category C: Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Category F: Internet history
Category I: Professional or employment-related information
In the preceding twelve (12) months, Anthem has not sold personal information.
5
Updated February 13, 2020
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides California residents with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and
explains how to exercise those rights.
Right To Exercise This Right Time Frame and
Response From Anthem
If We Cannot Complete Your Request
Access to specific information
(e.g. categories, sources, and
business purposes for collection,
use, and sale) in the last 12
months.
Submit request and
confirm your “verifiable
consumer request” via
the contact information
below.
We will evaluate and
respond to your request
electronically or by mail (at
your request) within 45 days.
If we require more time, we
will inform you of the reason
and extension period in
writing.
We will explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request in our
response.
Deletion of information.
You have the right to request that
Anthem delete your personal
information, subject to certain
exceptions.
Submit request and
confirm your “verifiable
consumer request” via
the contact information
below.
We will evaluate and
respond to your request
electronically or by mail (at
your request) within 45 days.
If we require more time, we
will inform you of the reason
and extension period in
writing.
Once we confirm your
verifiable consumer request,
we will delete (and direct our
service providers to delete)
your personal information
We will explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request in our
response.
The law does not require us to honor requests to delete where it is
necessary in certain circumstances for us or service provider to maintain
personal information. These include:
- Provide a good or service, perform our contract or take action
reasonably anticipated in the context of our ongoing relationship with
you.
- Detect and protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal
activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
- Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing
intended functionality.
- Exercise and/or support free speech provided for by law.
- Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. 
6
Updated February 13, 2020
Right To Exercise This Right Time Frame and
Response From Anthem
If We Cannot Complete Your Request
from our records, unless an
exception applies.
Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).
- Engage in research for which you provided informed consented that
complies with applicable laws when deletion will seriously impair the
research.
- Use internally for purposes aligned with your expectations and our
relationship.
- Comply with a legal obligation or make other lawful use compatible
with the context in which information was provided.
7
Updated February 13, 2020
“Verifiable Consumer Request”
To exercise your rights under the CCPA, you must submit a “verifiable consumer request.” Only you, or a
person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may
make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a
verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
A verifiable consumer request must:
 Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom
we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
 Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and
respond to it.
If we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request, we will not be able to fulfill your
request.
The information provided for verification will only be used for that purpose.
Processing Fees
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive,
repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you
why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights
If you are 16 years of age or older, you have the right to direct us to not sell your personal information
at any time (the “right to opt-out”). We do not sell the personal information of consumers we actually
know are less than 16 years of age, unless we receive affirmative authorization (the “right to opt-in”)
from either the consumer who is between 13 and 16 years of age, or the parent or guardian of a
consumer less than 13 years of age. Consumers who opt-in to personal information sales may opt-out of
future sales at any time.
To exercise the right to opt-out, you (or your authorized representative) may submit a request to us by
visiting https://www.anthem.com/ca/california-consumer-privacy-act-form/ or via the contact
information below.
Once you make an opt-out request, we will wait at least twelve (12) months before asking you to
reauthorize the sale of your personal information. However, you may change your mind and opt back in
to personal information sales at any time by visiting our website and sending us a message.
8
Updated February 13, 2020
We will only use personal information provided in an opt-out request to review and comply with the
request.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the
CCPA, we will not:
 Deny you goods or services.
 Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or
other benefits, or imposing penalties.
 Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
 Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or
quality of goods or services.
We may offer you certain financial incentives such as discounted prices, rates, or quality levels. Any
permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your personal information’s value and
contain written terms that describe the program’s material aspects. Participation in a financial incentive
program requires your prior opt in consent, which you may revoke at any time.
California’s “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of our Website that are
California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to
third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send us an electronic
message through our website or write us at our address listed below.
Changes to Our Privacy Notice
We reserve the right to amend this privacy notice at our discretion and at any time. When we make
changes to this privacy notice, we will post the updated notice on the Website and update the notice’s
effective date. Your continued use of our Website following the posting of changes constitutes your
acceptance of such changes.
Contact Information
You can contact Anthem with your questions, comments, rights requests, and other CCPA-related
inquiries by:
 Mail: Anthem Privacy Office
Mail Drop: CO0109-0903
700 Broadway
Denver, CO 80273
 Or contacting the applicable areas below:
HealthCore: Phone: 833-905-1643
Anthem Workers’ Compensation:
Anthem Broker Credentialing and Licensing: Phone: 877-304-6470 
9
Updated February 13, 2020
Anthem Provider Services: Phone: 800-677-6669
Anthem Human Resources: Phone: 866-777-9636
Anthem Travel, Expense Management and Procurement: Phone: 1-877-811-3112
If you believe your personal information was accessed without permission, please contact Anthem by
the means listed above.
Effective Date
This Privacy Notice for California Residents is effective 1/1/2020. Certain rights granted by the CCPA will
not be effective until 1/1/2021.