         We notice that your web browser is out-of-date. For the best experience on AXS.com please consider upgrading to one of the following:   Google Chrome  Mozilla Firefox  Safari  Opera  [Upgraded] Internet Explorer   If you are still having issues, please contact support at support@axs.com .         Hello!  We see your preferred language is English (United States), would you like to stay on English (United States) or switch to English (United States) ?     Dismiss      We have made changes to our Privacy Policy. To read the updated Privacy Policy, please click here .                             Sign in       Headlines    Music    Arts & Family    Sports    Plano
        , TX                      PRIVACY POLICY   Effective 01.01.2020  Welcome!  AXS Group LLC (" AXS " ,
“us,” “our,” or “we” )
takes your privacy seriously and know you do too.  We are committed to respecting your
privacy.  This Privacy Policy is here to
help you understand how we collect, use, disclose, and process your Personal Data
(defined below). We also describe your choices and rights with respect to how
we process your Personal Data. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully.  Key Points  ·  AXS is a leader in providing ticketing and
marketing services for live sports and entertainment events.  ·  We use Personal Data for various business
purposes, e.g. to deliver purchased tickets to you, improve our products and
services, personalize your experience across your interactions with us, and to
help you discover the best in entertainment. Learn
More .  ·  We use Personal Data for commercial purposes,
such as marketing and advertising. As part of these activities, we may receive
information from third parties, disclose information to third party partners
and vendors, and may engage in “sales” (as defined under applicable law) of Personal
Data. Learn More and Learn
How to Opt-Out .  ·  You have rights and choices with respect to how
we collect and use your Personal Data. Learn More about User Rights and Choices , California Privacy Rights , and EU/EEA Privacy Rights .  You can contact us at any time if you have questions. Learn More .  Navigation  WHO WE ARE & HOW TO CONTACT US  APPLICABILITY & AGREEMENT  THIRD PARTIES  COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONAL DATA   Personal Data We Collect   Processing of Personal Data   Specific Processing Purposes  DATA TRANSFERS   Generally   International Transfers  YOUR RIGHTS & CHOICES   Your Rights   Your Choices  SECURITY  DATA RETENTION  MINORS  E.U.-U.S. PRIVACY SHIELD  CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY  ADDITIONAL RIGHTS & DISCLOSURES – EU/EEA,
SWITZERLAND, CAYMAN ISLANDS, ETC.   Your Rights  ADDITIONAL RIGHTS & DISCLOSURES –
CALIFORNIA   Your California Privacy Rights   Submission of Requests   Verification of Requests   Data Processing    Who We Are &
How To Contact Us  This is the Privacy Policy of AXS Group LLC a Delaware
limited liability company with offices at 425 W. 11 th St, Los
Angeles, CA. If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or our
privacy and data practices, please contact us at:  AXS Group LLC  425 W. 11 th St., Suite 100  Los Angeles, CA
90015    General Inquiries
or Data Updates: privacy@axs.com  Data Rights
Inquiries: privacy@axs.com  Opt-out of Data
Sales: click here privacy@axs.com    We will update this
Policy as we provide additional methods of contract to reach us.  Applicability
& Agreement  This Privacy Policy applies to our “ Services ”, which include:  ·  Axs.com and any other websites that link to/post
this Privacy Policy (including any subdomains or mobile versions, the “ Site(s) ”);  ·  our mobile applications (the “ Mobile App(s) ”); and  ·  ticket kiosks and other web-enabled physical technologies
(the “ Internet and IoT Service(s) ”).  This Privacy Policy is incorporated into the Terms of Use
governing your use of any of our Services. Any capitalized terms not defined in
this Privacy Policy will have the definitions provided in our Terms of Use. Supplemental
policies may also apply, such as our Terms of Use .  Please read this
Privacy Policy carefully to understand how we handle your Personal Data.  Following notice to you or your acknowledgement
of this Privacy Policy (including any updates), your continued use of any of
our Services indicates your consent to the practices described in this Privacy Policy.   Third parties  This Privacy
Policy does not apply to information collected by third parties, for example,
when you visit a third party website or interact with online advertisements,
unless and until we receive your information from those parties. Please review these
third-parties’ privacy policies before disclosing information to them.  Collection
and use of Personal Data  Personal Data We Collect  We may collect and process information that relates to
identified or identifiable individuals (“Personal Data”). We collect and
process the following categories of Personal Data (note, specific Personal Data
elements listed in each category are only examples and may change):  Identity Data :  Personal Data about you and your
identity, such as your name, ID number, username, and other Personal Data you may
provide on registration or purchase forms or as part of an account profile
(e.g. biographical information).  Transaction Data:  Personal Data we collect in connection
with a transaction or purchase, such as the right of entry (“ticket”) you
purchased, the price, what was delivered to you, the delivery location, zip
code, and other similar information.  Contact Data:   Personal Data
used to contact an individual, e.g. email address(es), physical address(es),
phone number(s), or social media or communications platform usernames/handles,
as well as a name or other salutation.  Financial Data:  Personal Data relating to financial
accounts or services, e.g. a credit card or other financial account number, and
other relevant information you provide in connection with a financial transaction.  Device/Network Data:  Personal Data relating to your device,
browser, or application e.g. IP addresses, MAC addresses, application ID/ AdID /IDFA, identifiers from cookies, session navigation
history and similar browsing metadata, and other data generated through
applications and browsers, including cookies and similar technologies.  Inference Data:  Personal Data relating to your
preferences, interests, personal demographics (e.g. location of residence, age
group, gender, etc.), your “likes”, and other information provided to us via
social media services and advertising technologies; Inferences drawn from Personal
Data to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s
preferences, characteristics, predispositions, behavior, and attitudes,.  Location Data:  Personal Data relating to your
precise location, such as information collected from your device’s GPS, or
through your interactions with a Bluetooth location beacon, RFID-enabled
hardware/wearables, or other localization product.     Health Data:    Information about your health (for example when you are
  buying tickets for wheelchair accessible spaces, when you request a sign
  language interpreter, or when we are responding to an accident which may have
  happened at one of our Events and Venues).      Audio/Visual Data:    Audio files and records, such as voice mails, call
  recordings, and the like.      Biographical Data:    Data relating to professional and employment history,
  qualifications, and similar biographic information.      User Content:    Unstructured/free-form data that may include any category
  of Personal Data, e.g. data that you give us in free text fields such as comment
  boxes, answers you provide when you participate in sweepstakes, contests,
  votes and surveys, including any other Personal Data which you may provide
  through or in connection with our Services.     Special Category Data :  Personal Data revealing racial or ethnic
origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union
membership, genetic data, biometric data, or health information.  Processing of Personal Data  Account registration  Data :  You
may register and create an account for our Services. If you register, we will process Identity Data, Preferences Data and
certain Contact Data. We may also process
certain Financial Data if you
choose, for example, to store payment information for future purchases.  Uses :  We
use the Identity Data and Contact Data as necessary to create, maintain, and
provide you with important information about your account. This Financial Data
will be used only as necessary to process transactions at your request. Subject
to Your Rights and Choices , we may
also use the Identity Data and Preferences Data as part of our efforts to
improve our services and to create a personalized
user experience, or to facilitate a resale transaction at your request, and
we may process the Identity Data, Preferences Data and Contact Data to contact
you about relevant products or services, and in connection with marketing communications and behavioral advertising .  Purchases  Data :  We
process Transaction Data , Identity Data,  Financial Data, Preferences Data and certain Contact Data when you complete a purchase on our Services, or for products/services
available through our Services. Note, we often handle purchases for products
and services provided by third parties ,
and we may process your Personal Data on behalf of these third parties. We may
process Health Data if, for example,
you request a handicap or wheelchair accessible seat.   Uses :  We
use the Transaction, Identity and Contact Data as necessary to complete and
provide you with important information regarding your transaction. Financial
Data is used only as necessary to process your transaction, and we do not
permanently store your Financial Data, except at your request. We keep records
of Commercial Data as required to ensure Services delivered.  Subject to Your
Rights and Choices , we may process the Transaction Data, Identity Data and Preferences
Data as part of our efforts to improve our Services and to create a personalized user experience, to
facilitate a resale transaction at your request, to contact you about relevant
products or services, and in connection with marketing
communications and behavioral
advertising .  Marketing communications  Data :  We
may process Identity Data, Device Data,  Inference Data and Contact Data when you are enrolled to
receive, and when you open or interact with, our electronic marketing
communications. Note, you may be enrolled with your consent or, where allowed,
in connection with account registration or a purchase.  Uses :  Subject
to Your Rights and Choices , we may
process the Contact Data and Preferences Data to contact you about relevant
products or services, and the Identity Data, Device Data, Preferences Data and
Contact Data as part of our efforts to improve our Services and to create a personalized user experience, and in
connection with marketing communications and behavioral advertising .  Mobile Apps  Data :  If
you use our Mobile Apps, we may process Device  Data, Inference Data and, with your
consent, Location  Data . Note, you may also be able to
complete purchases, register for an account, or enroll in marketing
communications through our Mobile App.  Uses :  We
process the Device Data so that we can optimize the display and functionality
of the Mobile App on your device. The Location Data is generally used in order
to deliver location-specific content and information through the App. Subject
to Your Rights and Choices , we may
use the Device Data, Preferences Data and Location Data to improve our Services
and to create a personalized user
experience and we may process this Device Data and Location Data in
connection with marketing communications and behavioral advertising .  Special programs and offers  Data :  We
may process Identity Data, Inference Data and certain Contact Data if you
choose to register for special promotions and offers such as discounts, sweepstakes
or contests . Note, some special
programs and offers are operated/controlled by us, and others are operated/controlled
by our third party partners. We may receive this data from third parties to the extent allowed by the applicable partner;
otherwise, this Privacy Policy will not apply.  Uses :  We
use this Identity Data and Contact Data as necessary to carry out the special
programs and related transactions. Subject to Your
Rights and Choices , we may also use this Identity Data and Preferences Data
to improve our Services and to create a personalized
user experience , and we may process this Identity Data and Contact Data to
contact you about relevant products or services, and in connection with marketing communications and behavioral advertising .  Note :  If
you win a Promotion, your acceptance of a prize may allow us to make certain
Personal Information public, e.g. posting your name on a winner’s page. See the
special program agreement(s) for additional details and terms.  Staffing data  Data:  We
may process Identity Data and Contact Data as well as certain Biographical Data, Inference Data, User
Content, Health Data and Financial Data in connection with your application
to be a vendor, volunteer, employee, or otherwise join or support our team.  Uses :  Staffing
data processed under this Privacy Policy is used primarily in connection with the
assessment and creation of the staffing relationship. Subject to Your Rights and Choices , we may also use
your Contact Data as necessary to process your application, contact you
regarding this or other future application/vendor/work opportunities, or
similar matters.   ·  The assessment of your application may involve
the creation and processing of Inference Data based on your Identity Data,
Contact Data, Biographical Data, and User Content in order to evaluate your
prospective engagement, assess skills alignment, qualifications, and similar
matters. Inference Data does not include Special Category Data, Health Data, or
Special Category Data.  ·  To the extent permitted under applicable law,
the processing of your Personal Data in connection with application evaluation
may involve the use of automated decision-making that may extract relevant
information and rate applications based on their conformity with requirements.
In some cases, automated processing may reject or place a low rating on
applications that are found to not meet requirements of a given engagement.  ·  Please Note: Once you are engaged or
employed by us, your Personal Data may be subject to our internal privacy
policy. Please review that policy for additional information, where applicable.  User content & social media  Data :  We
process Identity Data, Inference Data, Contact
Data and any other data in or relating to your User Content if you choose to submit User Content (e.g. comments,
forum and social media posts, etc.) through our Services . If you use a social media service to post User Content that
references our official accounts, your comment or content may appear on our Services.
We may receive that data from a third party if and to the extent provided to us
by a third party (e.g. social media platform).  Uses :  We
use Identity Data and Contact Data as necessary to carry out the special
programs and related transactions. Subject to Your
Rights and Choices , we may also use Identity Data and Preferences Data as part
of our efforts to improve our services and to create a personalized user experience and we may process Identity Data
and Contact Data to contact you about relevant products or services, and in
connection with marketing communications and behavioral advertising .  Note :  Any
content you provide may be made public as soon as you post it on our Services.
We do not screen comments or other postings for personal or inappropriate
content.  Cookies and similar technologies  Data :  We, and certain third parties , may process Identity Data, Device Data, Contact Data , Inference Data, Location Data , and certain User Content when you  interact
with cookies and similar technologies. This data may be collected from you
automatically when you use our Digital Services.  We may also receive this data from third
parties to the extent allowed by the applicable partner; otherwise, this
Privacy Policy will not apply.   Uses :  We use Device Data and Identity Data to
enable you to register with and/or use certain features of these technologies. Subject
to Your Rights and Choices , we may
use Identity Data, Location Data, Device Data, and Contact Data as part of our
efforts to improve our services and to create a personalized
user experience and we may use Identity Data, Location Data, Device Data,
and Contact Data to contact you about relevant products or services, and in
connection with marketing communications and behavioral advertising .  Note:  Some of these technologies can be used
by us and/or our third party partners to identify you across platforms,
devices, sites, and services. Third parties may engage in behavioral advertising using this data.  Specific
processing purposes  Personalization  Consistent with our
legitimate business interests, we may personalize our Services. To do so, we
may link together and analyze the Personal Data that we hold about you. Personal
Data processed for personalization purposes, whether or not linked, may be
augmented with Preferences Data. We may create Preferences Data, or obtain it
from third parties , using Personal
Data we hold about you. We process Preferences Data so that our communications
and Services are more relevant to you. For example, we may greet you by name,
provide better recommendations to you, tailor communications to your interests,
and use the information to guide overall improvements to our products and services.
We may also use Preferences Information in connection with behavioral advertising. See Your
Rights and Choices for information about how you can limit or opt out of
this processing.  Direct marketing  Consistent with our
legitimate business interests, we (or if appropriate, our third party partners) may send you marketing and promotional
communications if you sign up for such communications or purchase products or
services from us. Where allowed, we may also send you these communications if
you register on our Services or for a promotion, or in connection with your
communications with, or submission of User Content to, us. These communications
may be personalized . See Your Rights and Choices for information
about how you can limit or opt out of this processing.  Behavioral advertising  We, and certain third parties operating on or through
our Services, may engage in online behavioral advertising. This form of
advertising uses Preferences Data, Device Data, Identity Data, and at times,
Contact Data in order to deliver more relevant advertising to you. The parties
that control the processing of Personal Data for behavioral advertising
purposes may build a profile of you containing this information, and may be
able to identify you across sites, devices, and over time. See Your Rights and Choices for information
about how you can limit or opt out of this processing.  Additional processing  If we process
Personal Data in connection with our Services in a way not described in this
Privacy Policy, this Privacy Policy will still apply generally (e.g. with
respect to Your Rights and Choices )
unless otherwise stated when you provide it.  Note that we may,
without your consent, also process your Personal Data on certain public
interest grounds. For example, we may process information as necessary to
fulfil our legal obligations, to protect the vital interests of any
individuals, or otherwise in the public interest. Please see the data sharing section for more
information about how we disclose Personal Data in extraordinary circumstances.   Data transfers  Generally  Information we collect may be shared with a variety of
parties, depending upon the purpose for and context in which that information
was provided. We generally transfer Personal Data to the following categories
of third party recipients:  Service Providers:  In connection with our business, operations, product/service
improvements, and other legitimate business interests, we may share your Personal
Data with service providers who provide certain services or process Personal Data
on our behalf.  Affiliates :  In order to streamline certain business operations,
improve personalization, and develop
products and services that better meet the interests and needs of our customers,
we may share your Personal Data with any of our current or future affiliated
entities, subsidiaries, and parent companies.  Promoters/Events:  We may share your Personal Data with promoters, venues, acts,
and other data controllers on whose behalf we process Personal Data, for
example, in connection with transactions for events, products, and services
that are provided or promoted by that third party. These parties may engage in direct marketing or behavioral advertising or other
purposes as specified in that party’s privacy policy.  Partners :  We may share your Personal Data with business or
marketing partners in connection with promotions, events, products, and
services that are promoted, managed, supported, or otherwise undertaken with
that third party. If appropriate, these parties may engage in direct marketing or behavioral advertising .  Marketers :  In order to improve personalization, deliver more relevant advertisements, and develop better products and services,
we may share certain Personal Data with trusted third
parties for marketing, advertising, or other commercial purposes, and we
may occasionally allow third parties (such as Facebook) to operate on our Services
and process data for behavioral
advertising .  Social media:  If you use any social media plugin, API, or other similar
feature, use an event hashtag or similar link, or otherwise interact with us or
our Services via social media, we may make your post available on our Services
or to the general public. We may share, rebroadcast, or redisplay Personal Data
or other information in the post the extent permitted by the relevant social
media service.  Corporate events:  Your Personal Data may be processed in the event that we go
through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition, liquidation, or
sale of all or a portion of our assets. For example, Personal Data may be part
of the assets transferred, or may be disclosed (subject to confidentiality
restrictions) during the due diligence process for a potential transaction.  Legal disclosures :  In limited circumstances, we may, without notice
or your consent, access and disclose your Personal Data, any communications
sent or received by you, and any other information that we may have about you to
the extent we believe such disclosure is legally required, to prevent or
respond to a crime, to investigate violations of our Terms of Use, or in the
vital interests of us or any person. Note, these disclosures may be made to governments that do not ensure the
same degree of protection of your Personal Data as your home jurisdiction. We may,
in our sole discretion (but without any obligation), object to the disclosure
of your Personal Data to such parties.  International transfers  We operate and use
service providers located in the United States, so your Personal Data may be
transferred to the U.S. The U.S. does not provide the same legal protections
guaranteed to Personal Data in the European Union. Accordingly, your Personal
Data may be transferred to the U.S. pursuant to the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework , the Standard Contractual
Clauses, or other adequacy mechanisms, or pursuant to exemptions provided under
EU law.  Your Rights & Choices  Your
Rights  You may have
certain rights and choices regarding Personal Data we process, depending on where
you live and our obligations under applicable law.  You may exercise your rights by contacting us at privacy@axs.com , and you may be asked for additional
Personal Data to confirm your identity.  Additional information about individual rights and choices in California
are available here .  Additional information
about individual rights and choices in the EU/EEA/Switzerland/Cayman Islands
are available here .  Access:  You may receive a list of
your Personal Data that we process to the extent required and permitted by law.  Rectification :  You may correct any Personal Data that
we hold about you to the extent required and permitted by law. For Registration
Data, you may be able to make changes via your account settings menu.  Erasure:  To the extent required by
applicable law, you may request that we delete your Personal Data from our
systems.  Data
export :  To the extent required
by applicable law, we will send you a copy of your Personal Data in a common
portable format of our choice.  Direct
marketing :  You may request a list of
Personal Data we have disclosed about you to third
parties for direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year.
This request must be emailed to us at privacy@axs.com and may be subject to confirmation of
identity.  Regulator
Contact:  You have the right to contact
or file a complaint with regulators about our processing of Personal Data. In
the U.S., you can contact the Federal Trade Commission. In the EU and
elsewhere, please contact your local data protection or consumer protection
authority.  Your
Choices  It is possible for
you to use some of our Services without providing any Personal Data, but you
may not be able to access certain features or view certain content. You have
the following choices regarding the Personal Data we process:  Consent :  If you consent to
processing, you may withdraw your consent at any time, to the extent required
by law.  Direct marketing :  You have the choice to opt-out
of or withdraw your consent to processing related to direct marketing
communications. You may have a legal right not to receive such messages in
certain circumstances, in which case, you will only receive direct marketing
communications if you consent. You may exercise your choice via the links in our
communications or by contacting us re:
direct marketing.  Location data :  You
may control or limit Location Data that we collect using our Mobile App and
Internet and IoT Services by changing your preferences in your device’s
location services preferences menu, or through your choices regarding the use
of Bluetooth, WiFi, and other network interfaces you may use to interact with
our Services. However, please note that use of RFID technologies may be
necessary for the functioning of hardware you must use.  Profiling & Personalization :  You
may opt out of the creation or other processing of Preferences Data by
automated means, and object to processing for personalization purposes, to the
extent applicable law gives you the right to do so. To exercise this right,
please contact us re: data rights
requests. Note that we may not be required to cease processing based solely on an
objection.  Cookies & Similar Tech :  If you do not want information collected
through the use of cookies, you can manage/deny cookies (and certain technologies)
using your browser’s settings menu. You must opt out of third party services
directly via the third party. For example, to opt-out of Google’s analytic and
marketing services, visit Google Analytics Terms of Use , the Google Privacy Policy , or Google
Analytics Opt-out .
Our Site does not respond to your browser’s do-not-track request.  Behavioral advertising :  You may opt out or withdraw your
consent to behavioral advertising. You must opt out of third party services directly
via the third party. For example, to opt out of Google’s use of cookies, visit
Google’s Ads Settings, here . To learn more about how to opt out of DoubleClick’s use of
cookies, visit the DoubleClick opt-out page, here .  To opt out from
Facebook Custom Audience Pixel, visit their customer support page here . To
learn more about how to opt out of Twitter’s use of audience pixels, visit the
Twitter help page here .  If you wish to take steps to opt-out of
tracking by certain online advertisers, you can visit the Digital Advertising
Alliance’s opt-out page at http://www.aboutads.info/choices or the Network Advertising Initiative at www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp .  Other
processing:  When we
process Personal Data without your consent, and in a manner that is not
necessary in context, (e.g. to carry out a transaction, meet a legal requirement,
to protect a person’s or our vital interests), you may have the right under
applicable law to object to our processing of your Personal Data. You may do so
by contacting us re: data rights
requests. Note that we may not be required to cease processing based solely on an
objection.   Security  We follow and implement reasonable security measures to
safeguard the Personal Data you provide us. We do not have control over third
parties’ security processes, but we use commercially reasonable measures to
ensure third parties we may share information with adequately protect Personal
Data. Please note, we do not warrant perfect security and we do not provide any
guarantee that your Personal Data or any other information you provide us will
remain secure.  When we process information, we may pseudonymize data (i.e.
store or use Personal Data using only a non-identifying number) or anonymize
data (i.e. store data in a form that is not linked to or reasonably able to
identify you personally) in order to protect your Personal Data during
processing.  Data retention  We retain
information for so long as it, in our discretion, remains relevant to its
purpose, and in any event, for so long as is required by law. We will review
retention periods periodically, and may pseudonymize or anonymize data held for
longer periods, if appropriate.  Minors   Our Services are neither directed at nor intended for use by
minors under age 16. Further, we do not knowingly collect Personal Data from
minors. If we learn that we have inadvertently done so, we will promptly delete
it. Do not access or use the Services if you are 16 years old or younger unless
you have the consent of your parent or guardian.  EU-U.S. Privacy Shield  AXS and its subsidiary
companies participate in and have certified compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy
Shield Framework. Our adherence to the Privacy Shield framework reflects our
commitment to protect the privacy of our EU users when we collect, process, and
transfer Personal Data collected from users in the EU. We adhere to the Privacy
Shield principles of notice, choice, accountability for onward transfer,
security, data integrity and purpose limitation, access, and
recourse/enforcement/liability. To learn more about the Privacy Shield
Framework and view the list of Privacy Shield certified Companies here . AXS is responsible for the processing of Personal Data it
receives under the Privacy Shield Framework and subsequently transfers to a
third party acting as an agent on its behalf. AXS complies with the Privacy
Shield Principles relating to onward transfers of Personal Data from the EU,
including the onward transfer liability provisions.  With respect to Personal Data
received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Framework, AXS is
subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade
Commission. In certain situations, AXS may be required to disclose Personal
Data in response to requests by public authorities, including to meet national
security or law enforcement requirements.  We encourage EU (and US) users
to contact us if you have any concerns about our compliance with this Privacy
Policy and the Privacy Shield Framework. Any questions or concerns may be sent
to the address or email below. AXS will respond to Privacy Shield complaints
from EU citizens within 45 days. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use
concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our
U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at
https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request. If required by law, we will
work with a panel of DPAs in the EU to resolve disputes. Please note, under
certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy
Shield website , you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute
resolution procedures have been exhausted.  Changes to our Privacy Policy  We may change this Privacy Policy from time
to time. Changes will be posted on this page with the effective date, and we
will notify of any material changes. Please visit this page regularly so that
you are aware of our latest updates. Your use of the Services following notice
of any changes indicates acceptance of any changes.   Additional
Rights and Disclosures: EU/EEA, Switzerland, Cayman Islands, etc.  Your Rights  Under the GDPR and analogous legislation, you may have the
following rights in addition to those set forth in the Rights & Choices
section above, subject to your submission of an appropriately verified request.  You may exercise any of these rights by
sending an email to privacy@axs.com or dpo@axs.com .     Access    You may have a
  right to know what information we collect, use, disclose, or sell, and you
  may have the right to receive a list of that Personal Data and a list of the
  third parties (or categories of third parties) with whom we have received or
  shared Personal Data, to the extent required and permitted by law.      Rectification    You may correct
  any Personal Data that we hold about you to the extent required and permitted
  by law.      Delete    To the extent required by applicable law, you may request
  that we delete your Personal Data from our systems. We may delete your data
  entirely, or we may anonymize or aggregate your information such that it no
  longer reasonably identifies you. Contact us as part of your request to
  determine how your Personal Data will be erased in connection with your
  request.      Data Export    To the extent required by applicable law, we will send you
  a copy of your Personal Data in a common portable format of our choice.      Objection    You may
  have the right under applicable law to object to our processing of your Personal
  Data that we undertake without your consent in connection with our legitimate
  business interests (including any processing specified as such, or processed
  under this Policy for a Business Purpose ). Note that we may not be required
  to cease, or limit processing based solely on that objection, and we may
  continue processing where our interests in processing are balanced against
  individuals’ privacy interests.  You may
  also object to processing for direct marketing purposes. We will cease
  processing upon your objection to such processing.      Regulator Contact    You may have the right to file a complaint with regulators
  about our processing of Personal Data. To do so, please contact your local
  data protection or consumer protection authority.     Additional Rights and Disclosures: California  Your California Privacy Rights  Under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“ CCPA ”)
and other California laws, California residents may have the following rights
in addition to those set forth in the Rights
& Choices section above, subject to your submission of an appropriately
verified request (see below for verification requirements):     Right to Know    You may request any of following, for the 12 month period
  preceding your request: (1) the categories of Personal Data we have collected
  about you, or that we have sold, or disclosed for a commercial purpose; (2)
  the categories of sources from which your Personal Data was collected; (3)
  the business or commercial purpose for which we collected or sold your Personal
  Data; (4) the categories of third parties to whom we have sold your Personal
  Data, or disclosed it for a business purpose; and (5) the specific pieces of Personal
  Data we have collected about you.      Right to Delete    You have the right to delete certain Personal Data that we
  hold about you, subject to exceptions under applicable law.      Right to
  Non-Discrimination    You have the right to not to receive discriminatory
  treatment as a result of your exercise of rights conferred by the CCPA.      Direct Marketing    You may request a list of Personal Data we have disclosed
  about you to third parties for direct marketing purposes during the preceding
  calendar year.      Opt-Out of Sale    If we engage in sales of data (as defined by applicable
  law), you may direct us to stop selling or disclosing Personal Data to third
  parties for commercial purposes.      Minors’    To
  the extent we have actual knowledge that we collect or maintain personal
  information of a minor under age 16, those minors between the age of 13 and
  16 must opt in to any sales of personal information (as defined under CCPA),
  and minors under the age of 13 must have a parent consent to sales of
  personal information (as defined under CCPA).  All minors have the right to opt-out later at any time.  Minors
  under age 13 may have other rights under the Children’s Online Privacy
  Protection Act (“COPPA”).      Minors’ User Content    Individuals
  under the age of 18 in California can delete or remove posts using the same
  deletion or removal procedures described above, or otherwise made available
  through the Services. If you have questions about how to remove your posts or
  if you would like additional assistance with deletion you can contact
  us . We will work to delete
  your information, but we cannot guarantee comprehensive removal of that content
  or information posted through the Services.     Submission of Requests  You may submit requests, as follows (see below for summary
of required verification information):     Opt-Out of Sale    You may email us at privacy@axs.com . Please indicate your desire to Opt-Out of Sale.      Right to Know    You may email us at privacy@axs.com .  Please provide your email address, phone
  number and address we have on file for you along with your desire to know
  what Information we have on you.      Right to Delete    You may email us at privacy@axs.com .  Please provide your email address,
  phone number and address we have on file for you along with your desire to
  have your data deleted.      Direct Marketing    You may request a list of any relevant direct marketing
  disclosures via email to our privacy team at privacy@axs.com .     Verification of Requests  All rights requests must be verified to ensure that the
individual making the request is authorized to make that request, to reduce
fraud, and to ensure the security of your Personal Data. We may require that
you provide the email address we have on file for you (and verify that you can
access that email account) as well as an address, phone number, or other data
we have on file, in order to verify your identity. If an agent is submitting
the request on your behalf, we reserve the right to validate the agent’s
authority to act on your behalf.   Data Processing  Categories of Personal Data Disclosed for Business
Purposes  For purposes of the CCPA, w e may disclose to Service Providers for “business purposes” the
following categories of Personal Data: Location Data, Device/Network
Data, Preference Data, Financial Data, Audio/Visual Data, Health Data, Biographical
Data, and User Content.  Categories of Personal Data Sold  For purposes of the CCPA, we may “sell” the following categories of Personal
Data processed through our Services : Location Data, Device/Network Data,
and Preference Data.  Right to Know        Category of Data    Category of Sources    Business Purposes    Commercial Purposes    Category of Recipients      Audio/Visual Data    From you; Service Providers    Service Provision and Contractual Obligations;
  Internal Processing and Service Improvement; Security and Incident Detection/Analysis;
  Compliance, health, safety, public interest; Other Business Purposes    none    Successors; Lawful Recipients      Commercial Data    From you; Automatic collection; Service
  providers; Promoters and event partners; Data we create/infer    Service Provision and Contractual Obligations;
  Internal Processing and Service Improvement; Security and Incident Detection;
  Compliance, public interest; Aggregated data; Personalization; Other Business
  Purposes    Customer Profiles; Marketing Communications;
  Targeted Advertising;    Service Providers; Venues, Promoters, Artists,
  Sponsors; Data Aggregators; Successors; Lawful Recipients      Contact Data     From
  you; Automatic collection; Service providers; Promoters and event partners;
  Aggregators and advertisers; Social media companies; Data we create/infer    Service Provision and Contractual Obligations;
  Internal Processing and Service Improvement; Security and Incident Detection;
  Compliance, health, safety, public interest; Aggregated data;
  Personalization; Other Business Purposes    Customer Profiles; Marketing Communications;
  Targeted Advertising    Service Providers; Social Media Platforms;
  Venues, Promoters, Artists, Sponsors; Data Aggregators; Successors; Lawful
  Recipients      Device/Network Data    Automatic collection; Service providers; Promoters
  and event partners; Aggregators and advertisers; Social media companies; Data
  we create/infer    Service Provision and Contractual Obligations;
  Internal Processing and Service Improvement; Security and Incident Detection;
  Compliance, health, safety, public interest; Aggregated data;
  Personalization; Other Business Purposes     Customer Profiles; Marketing Communications;
  Targeted Advertising; Data Sales    Service Providers; Social Media Platforms;
  Venues, Promoters, Artists, Sponsors; Data Aggregators; Successors; Lawful
  Recipients      Biographical Data    From you; Automatic collection; Service
  Providers; Data we create/infer    Service Provision and Contractual Obligations;
  Security and Incident Detection; Compliance, public interest; Aggregated
  data; Other Business Purposes    none    Service Providers; Successors; Lawful
  Recipients      Financial Data    From you; Automatic collection; Service
  Providers; Data we create/infer    Service Provision and Contractual Obligations;
  Security and Incident Detection; Compliance, health, safety, public interest;
  Aggregated data; Other Business Purposes    Customer Profiles; Targeted Advertising    Service Providers; Venues, Promoters, Artists,
  Sponsors; Successors; Lawful Recipients      Health Data    From you; Service Providers    Service Provision and Contractual Obligations;
  Compliance, health, safety, public interest; Aggregated data; Other Business
  Purposes    none    Service Providers; Successors; Lawful
  Recipients      Identity Data    Automatic
  collection; Service providers; Promoters and event partners; Aggregators and
  advertisers; Social media companies; Data we create/infer    Service Provision and Contractual Obligations; Internal
  Processing and Service Improvement; Security and Incident Detection;
  Compliance, health, safety, public interest; Aggregated data;
  Personalization; Other Business Purposes    Customer Profiles; Marketing Communications; Targeted
  Advertising    Service Providers; Social Media Platforms; Venues, Promoters,
  Artists, Sponsors; Data Aggregators; Successors; Lawful Recipients      Location Data    From you; Automatic Collection; Service Providers    Service Provision and Contractual Obligations; Internal Processing
  and Service Improvement; Security and Incident Detection; Compliance, health,
  safety, public interest; Aggregated data; Personalization; Other Business
  Purposes    Customer Profiles; Marketing Communications; Targeted
  Advertising    Customer Profiles; Marketing Communications; Targeted
  Advertising      Inference Data    Automatic
  collection; Service providers; Promoters and event partners; Aggregators and
  advertisers; Social media companies; Data we create/infer    Automatic
  collection; Service providers; Promoters and event partners; Aggregators and
  advertisers; Social media companies; Data we create/infer    Customer Profiles; Marketing Communications; Targeted
  Advertising    Customer Profiles; Marketing Communications; Targeted
  Advertising      Special Category Data    From you; Service Providers; Data we
  create/infer    Service Provision and Contractual Obligations; Security and
  Incident Detection; Compliance, health, safety, public interest; Aggregated
  data; Other Business Purposes    Audience Profile    Service Providers; Successors; Lawful
  Recipients      Transaction Data    From you; Service Providers; Automatic
  Collection    Service Provision and Contractual Obligations; Internal
  Processing and Service Improvement; Security and Incident Detection;
  Compliance, public interest; Aggregated data; Personalization; Other Business
  Purposes    Customer Profiles; Marketing Communications; Targeted
  Advertising;    Service Providers; Successors; Lawful
  Recipients      User Content    From you; Service providers; Promoters and
  event partners; Social media companies    Service Provision and Contractual Obligations;
  Internal Processing and Service Improvement; Security and Incident Detection;
  Compliance, health, safety, public interest; Aggregated data;
  Personalization; Other Business Purposes    Customer Profiles; Marketing Communications;
  Targeted advertising; Data Sales    Service Providers; Social Media Platforms;
  Venues, Promoters, Artists, Sponsors; Data Aggregators; Successors; Lawful
  Recipients          rcxxwestwrbvuwyeuffcfwwa                Follow us on                         Browse by   Cities    Festivals    Featured Events    Arts & Family    Music    Sports    Venues     AXS   About     Careers    Advertise    Products     AXS.com Info   Features    Contact Us    Cookies    Feedback    Help    Refund Policy    Shipping Policy    Tickets by Phone    RSS     Language    Hey! (United States)     Hello! (United Kingdom)     Hallå! (Sverige)       AXS is Proudly Partnered with                     Purchase Agreement  Terms of Use  Privacy Policy    Do Not Sell My Info     Contact Us    © 2011-2020 AXS. All rights reserved.         Cookie Policy    The AXS Cookie Policy  This website, like most others, uses cookies in order to give you a great online experience. By continuing to use our website you accept to our use of cookies. Alternatively, you can find out more about cookies and how to change your cookie preferences.   Continue and Accept                          Welcome!  Plano
        , TX          Sign in /
                 Sign Up       HEADLINES         headlines     Latest On AXS   Music  Sports  Arts & Family   Music    Comedy    AXS Buzz    Rock    pop    concerts    Justin Bieber    Denver    National    Los Angeles    new york    Las Vegas    Adele    Dallas    Just Announced          MUSIC         Music Categories    View All                     Music    Alternative / Punk    Award Shows    Christian    Classical    Country    Dance / Electronic    Festivals    Folk / Acoustic    Hard Rock / Metal    Hip Hop / Rap    Indie / Emo    International    Jazz / Blues    Kpop    Latin    Other    Pop    R&B    Reggae    Rock          SPORTS         Sports Categories    View All                     Sports    Award Shows    Baseball    Basketball    Boxing    Competitions    Cycling    eSports    Extreme Sports    Festivals    Football    Golf    Hockey    Mixed Martial Arts    Motorsports    Other Sports    Rugby    Soccer    Tennis    WWE / WWF          ARTS & FAMILY         Arts & Family Categories    View All                     Arts & Family    Circus    Comedy    Expo/Convention    Fairs and Festivals    Family Events    Lectures and Seminars    Museums and Exhibits    Opera    Other    Theater          More         More     Browse by    Cities    Festivals    Featured Events    Arts & Family    Music    Sports    AXS    About     Careers    Advertise    Products    AXS.com Info    Features    Contact Us    Cookies    Feedback    Help    Privacy Policy    Purchase Agreement    Refund Policy    Shipping Policy    Terms of Use    Tickets by Phone    RSS    Language    Hey!
                    (United States)
x    Hello!
                    (United Kingdom)
x    Hallå!
                    (Sverige)
x      AXS is Proudly Partnered with          © 2011-2016 AXS. All rights reserved.                 Help    Follow us on                              Sign up for our weekly event guide email.        Be the first to know. Get personalized event announcements, updates, and reviews every week with the AXS.com event guide email.                         Send     Privacy Policy      Thanks for signing up for the event guide!                 Welcome, please create an account.    Have an account? Sign in  Create an AXS.com account  E-mail address is required to create an account.      Next   By clicking Next , you agree to the AXS.com Terms and Conditions .  Privacy Policy         Close      Search              Search Results          Search History   Clear History     Yes, clear my search history.    Cancel          Search History         Clear History     Yes, clear my search history.    Cancel         You haven't searched for anything yet.  Go on, get out there!        There are no suggested results at this time.  Please try again.               Close      Change Location                 Search Results   Change your location  Change your location by entering a City, Zip or Postal Code       There are no suggested results at this time.  Please try again.               Close      Music           Categories  View All        Alternative / Punk            Award Shows            Christian            Classical            Country            Dance / Electronic            Festivals            Folk / Acoustic            Hard Rock / Metal            Hip Hop / Rap            Indie / Emo            International            Jazz / Blues            Kpop            Latin            Other            Pop            R&B            Reggae            Rock        View All         Music                        Headlines  View More      A list of songs that tell the best story   By Brittany Frederick  AXS Contributor  1 day ago            AXS TV's 'Big Interview' sneak peek: Don Felder talks special 'recipe' for 'Hotel California' on April 29   By Lori Melton  AXS Contributor  1 day ago            5 best Eric Nam music videos   By Dominiq Robinson  AXS Contributor  5 days ago            AXS TV's 'Rock & Roll Road Trip' sneak peek: Rob Thomas talks singing on 'Smooth' on April 26   By Lori Melton  AXS Contributor  5 days ago            Ranking the music from the 'Star Wars' universe   By Amanda Hurych  AXS Contributor  6 days ago            AXS TV May 2020 program highlights: Don McLean on 'The Big Interview,' Ted Nugent rocks with Sammy Hagar and more   By Lori Melton  AXS Contributor  1 week ago            Top 15 best songs featuring a ukulele   By Eric Holden  AXS Contributor  1 week ago            AXS TV's 'Big Interview' sneak peek: Debbie Harry talks Blondie crossing genre boundaries on April 22   By Lori Melton  AXS Contributor  1 week ago            Top 17 best songs from all the 'Batman' movies and TV shows   By Lori Melton  AXS Contributor  1 week ago            AXS TV-produced special 'At Home with Farm Aid' raises $500,000 for farmers impacted by coronavirus   By Lori Melton  AXS Contributor  2 weeks ago            AXS TV'S 'Rock & Roll Road Trip' season 5 premiere: Joe Elliott talks Def Leppard sticking together on April 19   By Lori Melton  AXS Contributor  2 weeks ago            All the best musical movies and TV shows you can binge right now   By Janelle Sheetz  AXS Contributor  2 weeks ago            AXS TV to air Verizon's 'PayItForwardLive' starring Luke Bryan tonight April 16   By Lori Melton  AXS Contributor  2 weeks ago            Best TV shows about the music industry and where you can watch them   By Dominiq Robinson  AXS Contributor  2 weeks ago            AXS TV 'Big Interview' season 8 premiere sneak peek: Huey Lewis talks adapting to hearing loss   By Lori Melton  AXS Contributor  2 weeks ago            AXS TV to air Alicia Keys' charity livestream 'Pay It Forward' tonight April 9   By Lori Melton  AXS Contributor  3 weeks ago            AXS TV to air 'One World: Together At Home' live on April 18   By Lori Melton  AXS Contributor  3 weeks ago            AXS TV teams with Farm Aid to air and stream 'At Home With Farm Aid' on April 11   By Lori Melton  AXS Contributor  3 weeks ago            Best music biopics to stream while you're stuck at home   By Lori Melton  AXS Contributor  4 weeks ago            Academy of Country Music announces 'Our Country' event with special performances   By Lori Melton  AXS Contributor  4 weeks ago          View More               Close      Sports           Categories  View All        Award Shows            Baseball            Basketball            Boxing            Competitions            Cycling            eSports            Extreme Sports            Festivals            Football            Golf            Hockey            Mixed Martial Arts            Motorsports            Other Sports            Rugby            Soccer            Tennis            WWE / WWF        View All         Sports                        Headlines  View More      John Cena, Sugar Ray Leonard, Laila Ali and more turn out for the 2018 Sports Illustrated Sportsperson of the Year Awards   By Sari Cohen  AXS Contributor  Dec 13, 2018            LA Galaxy announces TOGETHER AT HOME campaign to engage with community   By Lori Melton  AXS Contributor  4 weeks ago            LA Kings announces contest for fans to win special Kings jersey   By Lori Melton  AXS Contributor  4 weeks ago            The best Los Angeles Lakers plays from the 2019-2020 season (so far)   By Kayla Whitney  AXS Contributor  4 weeks ago            The best LA Kings plays from the 2019-2020 season (so far)   By Kayla Whitney  AXS Contributor  4 weeks ago            The best LA Clippers plays from the 2019-2020 season (so far)   By Kayla Whitney  AXS Contributor  Mar 27, 2020            MLB fans celebrate Opening Day At Home by sharing heartfelt memories   By Dominiq Robinson  AXS Contributor  Mar 26, 2020            IMPACT Wrestling's Total Nonstop Action returns on AXS TV for one-night-only   By Darren Paltrowitz  AXS Contributor  Mar 26, 2020            How to get your sports fix during the current sports hiatus   By Patrick Babbitt  AXS Contributor  Mar 19, 2020            2019-20 LA Kings promotional night: Take part in Pride Night on March 19   By Janelle Sheetz  AXS Contributor  Mar 11, 2020            March Madness 2020 schedule and event details   By Greg Hrinya  AXS Contributor  Mar 3, 2020            Top 5 players to watch during March Madness 2020   By Greg Hrinya  AXS Contributor  Mar 2, 2020            2019-20 LA Kings promotional night: International Women's Day & Kids' Day combine on March 7   By Lori Melton  AXS Contributor  Feb 19, 2020            2019-20 LA Kings promotional night: Celebrate Black History Month Feb. 26   By Lori Melton  AXS Contributor  Feb 19, 2020            2019-20 LA Kings promotional night: Celebrate Lakers Night on Feb. 23   By Lori Melton  AXS Contributor  Feb 18, 2020            2019-20 LA Kings promotional night: Enjoy 90s Night on Feb. 22   By Janelle Sheetz  AXS Contributor  Feb 18, 2020            2019-20 LA Kings promotional night: Don't miss Galaxy Night on Feb. 20   By Lori Melton  AXS Contributor  Feb 18, 2020            LA Kings's farm system ranked No. 1 by 'The Hockey Writers'   By Kayla Whitney  AXS Contributor  Feb 13, 2020            LA Galaxy II 2020 schedule announced at Dignity Health Sports Park   By Eric Holden  AXS Contributor  Feb 11, 2020            LA Kings offer fans perks and benefits with Die Hard Season Ticket Membership   By Lori Melton  AXS Contributor  Feb 10, 2020          View More               Close      Arts & Family           Categories  View All        Circus            Comedy            Expo/Convention            Fairs and Festivals            Family Events            Lectures and Seminars            Museums and Exhibits            Opera            Other            Theater        View All         Arts & Family                        Headlines  View More      New York City Subway reveals 'Sky' mosaic painted by Yoko Ono in newly refurbished station   By Tom Shackleford  AXS Contributor  Oct 5, 2018            Banksy's Walled Off Hotel in West Bank to feature exclusive music   By Vanessa Vallon  AXS Contributor  Mar 9, 2017            Guide to The Village at Pico Rivera Sports Arena for L Festival   By Oscar Rangel  AXS Contributor  Feb 26, 2017            Interview: Artist Spar Street brings his celebrated work to Colorado   By Jana Ritter  AXS Contributor  Feb 14, 2017            Interview with Art Dealer and Adviser Ann Priftis, representative of both visual and performing artists   By Meagan Meehan  AXS Contributor  Dec 31, 2016          View More               Close      Headlines           Categories     Music         Comedy         AXS Buzz         Rock         pop         concerts         Justin Bieber         Denver         National         Los Angeles         new york         Las Vegas         Adele         Dallas         Just Announced             Latest On AXS  View More      A list of songs that tell the best story   By Brittany Frederick  AXS Contributor  1 day ago            AXS TV's 'Big Interview' sneak peek: Don Felder talks special 'recipe' for 'Hotel California' on April 29   By Lori Melton  AXS Contributor  1 day ago            5 best Eric Nam music videos   By Dominiq Robinson  AXS Contributor  5 days ago            AXS TV's 'Rock & Roll Road Trip' sneak peek: Rob Thomas talks singing on 'Smooth' on April 26   By Lori Melton  AXS Contributor  5 days ago            Ranking the music from the 'Star Wars' universe   By Amanda Hurych  AXS Contributor  6 days ago            AXS TV May 2020 program highlights: Don McLean on 'The Big Interview,' Ted Nugent rocks with Sammy Hagar and more   By Lori Melton  AXS Contributor  1 week ago            Top 15 best songs featuring a ukulele   By Eric Holden  AXS Contributor  1 week ago            May 2020 video game releases and what we're most excited about   By Amanda Hurych  AXS Contributor  1 week ago            AXS TV's 'Big Interview' sneak peek: Debbie Harry talks Blondie crossing genre boundaries on April 22   By Lori Melton  AXS Contributor  1 week ago            Top 17 best songs from all the 'Batman' movies and TV shows   By Lori Melton  AXS Contributor  1 week ago            AXS TV-produced special 'At Home with Farm Aid' raises $500,000 for farmers impacted by coronavirus   By Lori Melton  AXS Contributor  2 weeks ago            AXS TV'S 'Rock & Roll Road Trip' season 5 premiere: Joe Elliott talks Def Leppard sticking together on April 19   By Lori Melton  AXS Contributor  2 weeks ago            All the best musical movies and TV shows you can binge right now   By Janelle Sheetz  AXS Contributor  2 weeks ago            AXS TV to air Verizon's 'PayItForwardLive' starring Luke Bryan tonight April 16   By Lori Melton  AXS Contributor  2 weeks ago            Best TV shows about the music industry and where you can watch them   By Dominiq Robinson  AXS Contributor  2 weeks ago            AXS TV 'Big Interview' season 8 premiere sneak peek: Huey Lewis talks adapting to hearing loss   By Lori Melton  AXS Contributor  2 weeks ago            AXS TV to air Alicia Keys' charity livestream 'Pay It Forward' tonight April 9   By Lori Melton  AXS Contributor  3 weeks ago            AXS TV to air 'One World: Together At Home' live on April 18   By Lori Melton  AXS Contributor  3 weeks ago            AXS TV teams with Farm Aid to air and stream 'At Home With Farm Aid' on April 11   By Lori Melton  AXS Contributor  3 weeks ago            Best music biopics to stream while you're stuck at home   By Lori Melton  AXS Contributor  4 weeks ago          View More                               Sign in  AXS  Sign in Create AXS Account  Email Address  Password  Reset Your Password Sign in OR LOGIN WITH Privacy policy Powered by  Welcome, please create an account. Create an AXS.com account E-mail address is required to create an account. Next By clicking  Next  By clicking CREATE ACCOUNT, you agree to the AXS.com  Terms And Conditions . Privacy policy Welcome, please create an account. Create an AXS.com account Next                                                                The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.