  Additional Information for California Residents Fidelity considers the protection of personal information to be a foundation of customer trust and a sound business practice and takes great care to protect your personal information. We employ physical, electronic, and procedural controls and we regularly adapt these controls to respond to changing requirements and advances in technology. We use firewall barriers, encryption techniques, and authentication procedures, among other controls, to maintain the security of your online interactions, and protect your information from unauthorized access. Additionally, for California residents, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) imposes certain obligations on businesses and allows a resident to make certain requests (“CCPA requests”) to a business regarding the personal information that the business maintains. It is important to note, however, that the CCPA does not apply to all businesses, nor does it apply to personal information maintained by financial services firms that is covered under certain exemptions described in the CCPA, and as such, the CCPA will typically not apply to Fidelity’s customers. For example: If your relationship and interactions with a Fidelity company consist solely of personal financial services (e.g., maintaining one or more personal brokerage accounts), the personal information collected and processed about you is subject to the federal Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and is not covered by the CCPA. If you participate in a workplace retirement plan, or other employee benefit plan sponsored by or provided through your employer, and that is serviced or administered by a Fidelity company, CCPA requests should be directed to your employer. If you have an institutional relationship (e.g., registered investment advisor, broker-dealer, bank or trust), the information collected about you in the context of that business relationship is not covered by the CCPA. If your interaction with a Fidelity company is solely as a business customer of a Fidelity company, personal information collected is not covered by the CCPA. First, a few things to keep in mind before making a CCPA request Your CCPA request may be subject to additional verification, including but not limited to (a) confirming that you are a California resident and (b) confirming your identity or the identities of those authorized to submit requests on your behalf. In general, you should expect to receive a response within 45 days of the date we receive your request. Under the law, you are limited to two requests during any 12-month period. Your CCPA request will be processed by, and limited in scope to, the Fidelity company to which the request was submitted. If you have or had a relationship with more than one Fidelity company and you desire to submit a request to all Fidelity companies with which you have or had a relationship, you will need to make a separate CCPA request to each Fidelity company. Choose the description that best fits your relationship to Fidelity so that we can direct you to the correct form(s) for your CCPA request. I have/had a Fidelity account, e.g., a Fidelity brokerage account (The Fidelity Account ® ) or the Fidelity ® Cash Management account, and can log in to Fidelity.com. Thanks. Please complete and submit your CCPA form request through the secure messaging feature on Fidelity.com by following the steps below: Complete this form , and save the completed form on your computer. Log in and create a secure message. Select “CCPA” from the Topic drop-down menu. Type “CCPA Request” in both the Subject line and Message body. For Attach Files, click Browse and select the “NAME OF FORM” you saved. Click Send Message. Alternatively, you may contact Fidelity at 800-343-3548 (or your Registered Investment Advisor or dedicated service team within Fidelity Institutional, if you have one). For more information about our privacy practices and the CCPA, please review the privacy policy for Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC: Privacy Policy CCPA Supplement I have/had a Fidelity account but am unable to log in to Fidelity.com. We’re sorry you’re having difficulties; please reset your username or password and, if successful, return to this page and complete this form . Please follow the steps below to submit your request through the Secure Messaging feature on Fidelity.com: Log in and create a secure message Select “CCPA” from the Topic dropdown menu Type “CCPA Request” in the both the Subject and Message lines For Attach Files, click Browse and select the “NAME OF FORM” you saved Click Send Message If you are unable to reset your username or password, complete and mail this form to the address specified. Note: The completed form must have the original notary stamp or seal. Alternatively, you may contact Fidelity at 800-343-3548 (or your Registered Investment Advisor or dedicated service team within Fidelity Institutional, if you have one). For more information about our privacy practices and the CCPA, please review the privacy policy for Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC: Privacy Policy CCPA Supplement I am an individual investor and have received promotional or educational materials from Fidelity but have never opened a Fidelity account. Thanks. Please complete and mail this form to the specified address. Note: The completed form must have the original notary stamp or seal. Alternatively, you may contact Fidelity at 800-343-3548 . For more information about our privacy practices and the CCPA, please review the privacy policy for Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC: Privacy Policy CCPA Supplement I am or was a participant in an employee benefit plan serviced by Fidelity, such as a 401(k) or 403(b) plan. Thanks. Generally, your data is exempt from the CCPA and you cannot submit any requests through this channel. Please contact your employer directly regarding your rights under the law. For more information about our privacy practices and the CCPA, please review the privacy policy for Fidelity Workplace Services LLC: Privacy Policy CCPA Supplement I am a representative for an employee benefit plan serviced by Fidelity. Thanks. Generally, your data is exempt from the CCPA and you cannot submit any requests through this channel. For more information about our privacy practices and the CCPA, please review the privacy policy for Fidelity Workplace Services LLC: Privacy Policy CCPA Supplement I am a representative of an employee benefit plan, and I’ve received promotional or educational materials from Fidelity, but Fidelity does not currently, nor has it ever, serviced my employer's workplace benefit plans. Thanks. Please complete and mail this form to the address specified. Note: The completed form must have the original notary stamp or seal. Alternatively, you may contact Fidelity Workplace Services at 800-548-2363 . For more information about our privacy practices and the CCPA, please review the privacy policy for Fidelity Workplace Services LLC: Privacy Policy CCPA Supplement I am a current or former client associated with an investment advisor with a custody relationship with Fidelity Clearing & Custody Solutions. Thanks. Please complete and mail this form to the address specified. Note: The completed form must have the original notary stamp or seal. If you have any questions, please contact your Registered Investment Advisor or dedicated service team within Fidelity Institutional, if you have one. For more information about our privacy practices and the CCPA, please review the privacy policy for Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC: Privacy Policy CCPA Supplement I am an investment advisor with a prospective or former custody relationship with Fidelity Clearing & Custody Solutions. Thanks. Please complete and mail this form to the address specified. Note: The completed form must have the original notary stamp or seal. Alternatively, you may contact Fidelity Custody at 800-735-3756 . For more information about our privacy practices and the CCPA, please review the privacy policy for Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC: Privacy Policy CCPA Supplement I am a representative at a financial services company with a prospective or former clearing relationship with Fidelity Clearing & Custody Solutions. Thanks. Please complete and mail this form to the address specified. Note: The completed form must have the original notary stamp or seal. Alternatively, you may contact Clearing and Bank Custody at 877-262-5950 . For more information about our privacy practices and the CCPA, please review the privacy policy for National Financial Services LLC: Privacy Policy I’m a client or prospect with a current or prior relationship with Fidelity Capital Markets. Thanks. Please complete and mail this form to the address specified. Note: The completed form must have the original notary stamp or seal. Alternatively, you may contact Fidelity Capital Markets at 800-280-6355 . For more information about our privacy practices and the CCPA, please review the privacy policy for National Financial Services LLC: Privacy Policy I’m a client or prospect with a current or prior relationship with PB Optimize. Thanks. Please complete and mail this form to the address specified. Note: The completed form must have the original notary stamp or seal. Alternatively, you may contact PB Optimize at 800-280-6355 . For more information about our privacy practices and the CCPA, please review the privacy policy for Fidelity Global Brokerage Group Inc. Privacy Policy I have a relationship with Fidelity that is different from any of the relationships described above, or I’m not sure what to do. Thanks. Please call Fidelity at 800-343-3548 for assistance. To authorize a third party to make a CCPA request on your behalf If you would like to designate an authorized agent (i.e., person or business entity) to submit a CCPA request on your behalf, you will first need to make a selection above and complete and print the associated form. You will then need to complete and print this designation form and mail the two forms together to the address specified in the CCPA request form. Please note: Both completed forms must have the original notary stamp or seal. Last updated 01/22/2020 © 2019 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved. 912555.2.0  