  Do Not Sell My Info Like many ecommerce companies, we provide some of your information to third parties in order to improve the marketing messages you receive. California and other jurisdictions may consider this to be the “sale of personal information.” If you would like to opt out, please fill out the webform below. You can also email donotsell@fandango.com for help. Fandango and subsidiary brands affected by this opt out include the following websites and their associated apps that we operate: Fandango.com FandangoNOW.com RottenTomatoes.com Flixster.com Movieclips.com Movies.com Activaterewards.com MovieTickets.com *required fields are marked. Do Not Sell My Info. Like many ecommerce companies, we provide some of your information to third parties in order to improve the marketing messages you receive. California and other jurisdictions may consider this to be the “sale of personal information.” If you would like to opt out, please fill out the webform below.You can also email donotsell@fandango.com for help.Fandango and subsidiary brands affected by this opt out include the following websites and their associated apps that we operate:Fandango.comFandangoNOW.comRottenTomatoes.comFlixster.comMovieclips.comMovies.comActivaterewards.comMovieTickets.com*required fields are marked. Select the type of request you're making (Required) Do Not Sell I'm submitting this request for (Required) Myself Someone else Consumer's Country Enter country of residence of the consumer Enter country of residence of the consumer * Consumer's First Name Enter the first name of the consumer Enter the first name of the consumer Consumer's Last Name Enter the last name of the Consumer Enter the last name of the Consumer Consumer's Email Enter Consumer's email for correspondence with the data request. Enter Consumer's email for correspondence with the data request. Note: Please be on the lookout for an email from our privacy opt out provider, OneTrust , to continue with this process. Check your spam folders if you don’t receive an email soon. Please be on the lookout for an email from our privacy opt out provider, OneTrust, to continue with this process. Check your spam folders if you don’t receive an email soon.. Submit Request Additional Details About Do Not Sell My Info Opt Out Filling out this webform will not opt you out of a “data sale” that uses cookies or mobile advertising IDs. Below, we explain how you can make choices about this information. Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) Opt-Out The Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) offers tools to provide consumers with choices as to whether participating third parties can use your information to provide targeted advertising. To opt out of sharing your information with participating third parties for targeted advertising, please use the following tools: For websites: the DAA WebChoices Tool For mobile applications: the DAA AppChoices Tool Google Opt-Out If you are on the web, you can also opt out of Google Analytics by installing Google’s opt-out browser add-on, and opt out of interest-based Google ads using Google’s Ads Settings. Google may also participate in the DAA WebChoices Tool (above). Mobile Ad Settings If you no longer wish to receive interest-based advertising on your mobile applications, please refer to your device’s operating system settings, which may include “Limit Ad Tracking” on iOS devices and "opt-out of interest-based advertising" on Android devices. Facebook Ad Preferences Facebook offers settings that may control what information Facebook uses about you or your device activity for advertising purposes. Login to Facebook and go to Settings > Ads > Ad Settings (web) or Ad Preferences > Ad Settings (app) for more information. PLEASE NOTE: The opt-outs described above are device and browser based. Because the information being shared relates to your device ID and/or browser ID, you must opt out on each device and each browser where you want your choice to apply. Opt-outs may be stored via cookies. Therefore, if you clear your cookies, your opt outs will be cleared and you will have to redo them. We do not maintain or control the opt-out mechanisms and settings for the third parties mentioned above (e.g. Facebook, Google, Apple, DAA) and are not responsible for their operation. The Internet Advertising Bureau would like us to inform you of the following: Exercising these choices does not prevent you from receiving contextual advertising, being served first-party ads through cross-device tracking, or having information used for non-targeted advertising purposes, such as attribution and analytics. Personal information may be shared with our partners (who will function as our service providers in such instance) to help us perform functions to improve ads, such as measuring ad effectiveness, controlling how many times you see an ad, determining ad performance, providing and securing ad, providing aggregate statistics and analytics, and/or reducing ad fraud. Usage of previously collected and shared information or all interest-based advertising (such as that conducted on other sites) will not be opted out of by these choices. Fandango Media, LLC.  