click Foursquare uses cookies to provide you with an optimal experience, to personalize ads that you may see, and to help advertisers measure the results of their ad campaigns. By continuing to use our site, you accept the use of our cookies as described in our privacy policy and cookie policy. X Foursquare City Guide I'm looking for... Log In Sign Up Nearby: Get inspired: Top Picks Trending Food Coffee Nightlife Fun Shopping DO NOT SELL MY PERSONAL INFORMATION The California Consumer Privacy Act gives California residents the right to direct businesses from selling their personal information. If you are a California resident, you have this right. If you are not a California resident, we may, at our discretion, grant you this right. You may direct us to stop selling your personal information by calling us toll free at (855) 505-8916 (US only) or by completing the form below. In order to process your request, we will need your Advertising Identifier. If you do not provide us with such required information, we are unable to process your request. If you do not know your Advertising Identifier, please read our privacy policy for directions on how to obtain your Advertising Identifier. If you have directed us to stop selling your personal information, we will no longer sell your information to third parties and we will direct any third parties which we have sold your personal information to stop further selling your information. To review our privacy policy, click here . Stop Selling My Personal Information Please complete this form if you want to direct Foursquare to stop selling your personal information. Your AD ID is required. Apple IDFA or Android ID  Please enter a valid Apple IDFA or Android ID. I certify that I have filled out this information on my own behalf and that it is true and accurate as of the date of this submission. Please do not sell my personal information  About Blog Businesses Cities Developers Help Careers Cookies (Updated) Privacy (Updated) Do Not Sell My Personal Info Terms English English  Français  Deutsch  Bahasa Indonesia  Italiano  日本語  한국어  Português  Русский  Español  ภาษาไทย  Türkçe  Foursquare © 2020 Lovingly made in NYC, SF, CHI, SEA & LA You must enable JavaScript to use foursquare.com We use the latest and greatest technology available to provide the best possible web experience. Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings to continue. Download Foursquare for your smart phone and start exploring the world around you! Cities: Atlanta Austin Boston Chicago Dallas Denver Houston Las Vegas Los Angeles New York Philadelphia Portland San Diego San Francisco Seattle Washington, D.C. Countries: Belgium Brazil Canada Chile Finland France Germany Great Britain Hungary Indonesia Japan Mexico Netherlands Philippines Russia Singapore Spain Thailand Turkey