Skip to navigation Skip to footer Departments Free shipping over $49 | Free returns | Shop Purple Free shipping over $49 | Free returns | Shop Purple Search Sign In/Register My Orders Enter Zip Code Reorder Help & FAQs My Profile My Orders Reorder My Faves Help & FAQs Sign Out Reorder Track Orders Sign In/Register My Account Enter Zip Code Help & FAQs About Us Careers Jet Affiliates Tech Blog Tell us your feedback Sign Out Back My Profile My Orders Reorder My Faves Shipping Addresses Payment Methods Communication Preferences Sign Out Jet Privacy Notice Last Updated: January 1, 2020 We recently updated our Privacy Policy. Updates include: Describing of new rights available to California consumers under the California Consumer Privacy Act Clarifying our practice not to sell personal information for monetary consideration At Jet, we take your privacy seriously. This Privacy Notice describes how we use the information we collect or that you provide to us through the Jet Sites and other electronic communications. In this Privacy Notice: When we say 'Jet' , we mean Jet.com, Inc. and any subsidiaries and affiliates of Jet (including any that Jet may form or acquire in the future). We also refer to Jet as 'we', 'us' or 'our' - we hope this Privacy Notice reads better that way. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 'Jet' does not include Hayneedle, Inc., which is governed by the privacy policy located at www.hayneedle.com . When we say 'Jet Sites' , we mean www.jet.com , the Jet.com apps, and all related services, content, functionality, and transactions offered by Jet on or through www.jet.com and the Jet.com apps. Jet Sites do not include the websites of our affiliates, including without limitation www.hayneedle.com, which website is governed by their respective terms of use. When we say “you” or “your” we mean users of the Jet Sites (like you!). If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Notice, or if you would like us to update your information, please contact us at privacy@jet.com or Jet.com, Inc., Attention: Privacy, 221 River Street, 8th Floor, Hoboken, NJ 07030. Information We Collect and How We Collect It Information We Collect We collect information to deliver the products and services you request, to help improve your shopping experience, and to support our business functions. We may collect the following categories of personal information.  Not all categories may be collected about every individual: Personal identifiers, such as name and address Device and online identifiers and related information, such as telephone number and email address Internet, application, and network activity, such as cookie IDs and browser visits Government identifiers, such as national identification numbers and driver’s license numbers Demographic information, such as age and date of birth Financial information, such as credit and debit card numbers and claims information Characteristics of protected classifications under state or federal law, such as gender and nationality Purchase history information, such as products you have bought, rented, and returned Location information, such as geo-location information Audio, visual, and other sensory information, such as audio and video recordings Employment information, such as occupation, title, licenses and professional memberships Education information, such as degree and schooling information Individual preferences and characteristics, such as inferences related to shopping patterns and behaviors How We Collect Personal Information We collect personal information about you in two different ways: (1) Information you provide directly to us and (2) information we collect from others. Information You Provide Directly to Us You provide information to us when you interact with the Jet Sites, including when you join our mailing list, create an account, place an order on Jet, contact us (via email, telephone, or otherwise), respond to a survey or questionnaire, or enter a contest, sweepstakes, or other promotion sponsored by us. When you interact with Jet using an external social network (for example, your Facebook account), we may collect your name and other details from your social network profile and account. Please note that when interacting with Jet from a third party social network, in addition to our Terms of Use and Privacy Notice, you are bound by the terms of use and privacy policies of those websites. When you use the Jet Sites, we and third parties may collect certain information by automated means, using technologies such as cookies, Web server logs, Web beacons, JavaScript, and components of our apps. We may tie this information to personal information about you that we collect from other sources or that you provide to us. Cookies Cookies are files that websites send to your computer or other Internet-connected device to uniquely identify your browser or to store information or settings on your device. Without cookies, you may not be able to use all the features of the Jet Sites. The Jet Sites may use HTTP cookies, HTML5 cookies, Flash cookies, and other types of local storage (such as browser-based or plugin-based local storage). Your browser may allow you to be notified when you receive certain types of cookies and how to restrict or disable certain cookies. You also may be able to delete your Flash cookies or adjust your Flash cookie settings by visiting the Adobe Flash Website Storage Settings Manager by following Adobe's instructions here (instruction vary depending on your operating system and version of Flash). Web server logs and Web Beacons Web server logs may collect information about your device, operating system, browser, domain, and other system settings, such as the language your system uses and the country and time zone where your device is located; the address of the Web page that referred you to the Jet Sites; the IP address of the device you use to connect to the Internet; and other information about your interaction with the Jet Sites, such as which pages you visit. To control which Web servers collect information by automated means, we may place small electronic tags called Web beacons on our Web pages and in our emails, which are files that link Web pages to particular Web servers and their cookies. Again, without web server logs and web beacons, you may not be able to use all of the features of the Jet Sites. JavaScript We or third parties also may send instructions to your device using JavaScript or other computer languages to store or gather the sorts of information described above and other details about your interactions with the Jet Sites. Mobile Applications, Device Identifiers and SDKs. When you install a mobile app that we provide, we may use or work with partners and service providers who use mobile “SDKs” or similar code, in order to collect information such as device identifiers, mobile advertising identifiers (e.g., IDFAs and Android Advertising IDs), IP addresses, Internet connection information, as well as details about your device (such as device type), mobile browser or operating system, or about how you interact with our apps or services. A mobile SDK is in effect the mobile app version of a pixel tag or beacon. The SDK is computer code that app developers can include in their apps to enable ads to be shown, data to be collected, and related services to be implemented. We may use this technology, for instance, to analyze how our customers use our applications and make purchase, or to deliver or measure certain advertising through mobile applications and browsers based on information associated with your mobile device. These SDKs (or other, similar mobile applications and code) may collect mobile identifiers or geolocation information, which may be precise, GPS-level information. Information We Receive from Other Sources We receive information about you from other sources to help us correct or supplement our records, improve the quality or personalization of our services and marketing to you, and prevent or detect fraud. How We Use Your Information We may use the information you provide directly to us and information we collect about you for various purposes, including to: To fulfill your order or requests for services and provide customer service To create and maintain your account To conduct auditing and monitoring of transactions and engagement To conduct marketing, personalization, and third-party advertising To protect the security and integrity of our websites, mobile services and our business, and help prevent fraud To update our operational and technical functionality To conduct business analysis, such as analytics, projections, identifying areas for operational improvement To conduct research and development To fulfill our legal function or obligations We use third-party Web analytics services, such as those of Google Analytics and Atlas, to help us analyze how users use the Jet Sites. These service providers use cookies and other automated technologies to collect information about you when you visit the Jet Sites. Learn about Google Analytics and its opt-out choices here . The ad services we use to collect information from you may track your online activities over time and across websites. If we use a third party to collect this information, they may use this information to show you advertisements for Jet or others that are tailored to your individual interests or characteristics and/or based on prior visits to our Sites. We and third-party vendors may use these cookies together, and may combine them with other data we collect from you, (1) to inform, optimize, and serve ads (including ads based on past visits to the Jet Sites) and (2) to report on our ad impressions, other uses of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services (including how they are related to visits to the Jet Sites). To learn more about interest-based advertising generally, including how to opt out from the targeting of interest-based ads by some of our current ad service partners, click here . Do Not Track Do Not Track is a voluntary program among Internet advertisers that is intended to give users the ability to opt out of behavioral targeting and advertising. At this time, we do not respond to “do not track” settings. How We Share Your Information All of the categories of personal information that we collect have been shared with other companies, including those within our corporate family, for a business purpose. We may share the information we collect or you provide with our service providers and the merchants who fulfill your orders, as well as with joint marketing partners, and other members of our Walmart Inc. family of companies, for any of the purposes set forth in this Privacy Notice. For instance, we may share the information we collect with service providers that provide hosting services, customer and technical support, marketing, billing, payment, or email services, security, anti-fraud or other operational support. In addition, if you sign up for an account by clicking on an affiliate or referral link (e.g., on a social media site or elsewhere online) served by someone who has identified you as a contact of theirs, we may share your personal information with that contact.  We may also inform people who identify you as their contact whether or not you have a Jet account, e.g., to permit them to serve as your Jet referral. We may share aggregated, anonymized, or de-identified personal information with any third party, without any restriction, including through the use of cookies and other automated technologies. Subject to applicable law, we may disclose your personal information: if we are required to do so by law, regulation, court order or legal process; when we believe disclosure would be appropriate in response to governmental or regulatory requests; when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical, financial, or other harm, injury, or loss; in connection with an investigation of unlawful activity, and for fraud detection and prevention. We may transfer personal information we have about you to a buyer or other successor in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (such as in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization, bankruptcy, dissolution, or liquidation), or take steps in anticipation of such a transaction. Third parties may collect personal information about your online activities over time and across different websites when you use the Jet Sites. For example, third-party providers of certain embedded content and tools on the Jet Sites (such as social network plug-ins) may collect personal information directly from you in connection with your interaction with such content and tools. Such providers’ use of the information is subject to their own privacy policies, which we recommend you review. We are not responsible for such providers’ privacy practices, and those practices are not covered by this Privacy Notice. Your Choices If you would like to update or modify your personal information, you may contact us as described in the How To Contact Us section below or, where applicable on certain Jet Sites, you may make these choices directly by logging into your account. You may unsubscribe from any of our promotional emails by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any promotional email you receive from us. Information Security We take many steps to protect your information, but we can’t promise that our security program will eliminate all security risks. When you provide information to us, you do so at your own risk. But we do ask you to please help protect your information. There are a number of things you can do, such as: 1. Using a unique password for the Jet Sites that never has or will be used anywhere else - please think up a new one that you never used before, and please only use that password with us; 2. Protecting the confidentiality of your login information- don’t give your username or password to anyone, anywhere, anytime; 3. Accessing the Jet Sites only from devices that have an up-to-date operating system and up-to-date security software (this makes the Jet Sites work better anyway); and 4. Notifying us of any suspected unauthorized activity by emailing us at privacy@jet.com .  Taking these steps will not guarantee security but may help lower the risk or impact of certain security threats. For further information about protecting your security, visit http://www.consumer.ftc.gov/topics/computer-security . Links to Other Websites and Online Services The Jet Sites may provide links to other third party websites and online services, such as merchants or manufacturers of products sold on the Jet Sites or third party service providers that help the Jet Sites operate. Linked websites and services may have their own privacy policies, which we strongly suggest you review. We are not responsible for the content or use of any third-party websites or services or their privacy or security practices. Updates to Our Privacy Notice We may update this Privacy Notice periodically to reflect changes in our practices or relevant laws as we grow. To notify you of any changes that we make, we will post the updated version on www.jet.com and indicate at the top of the Privacy Notice when it was last updated. California Privacy Rights California Consumer Privacy Act: If you are a California resident, you can make certain requests regarding your personal information.  We will fulfill each of these requests to the extent required by law. 1. You can ask us what personal information we have about you, including a list of categories of your personal information that we have sold and a list of categories of your personal information that we have shared with another company for a business purpose. 2. You can ask us to delete your personal information. 3. You can ask that we stop selling your personal information. More information on each of these requests is below. 1. "What personal information do you collect about me?" If you make this request, we will return to you (to the extent required by the law): The categories of personal information we have collected about you. The categories of sources from which we collect your personal information. The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling your personal information. The categories of third parties with whom we share personal information. The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you. A list of categories of personal information that we have sold, along with the category of any other company we sold it to. Any of the categories of personal information that we collect could be included in a sale to other companies, including those within our corporate family. If we have not sold your personal information, we will inform you of that fact. You can ask us to provide you with this information up to two times in a rolling twelve-month period. When you make this request, the information provided may be limited to personal information we collected about you in the previous 12 months. 2. Delete My Personal Information: You have the right to ask that we delete your personal information.  Once we receive a request, we will delete the personal information (to the extent required by law) we hold about you as of the date of your request from our records and direct any service providers to do the same.  In some cases, deletion may be accomplished through de-identification of the information.  If you choose to delete your personal information, you may not be able to use certain website or in-store functions that require your personal information to operate.  Deleting your personal information will not cancel memberships you have purchased. 3. Stop Selling My Personal Information: We do not sell your personal information for monetary consideration. However, under some circumstances a transfer of personal information to a third party, or within our Walmart family of companies, without monetary consideration may be considered a “sale” under California law. For purposes of California law, all categories of personal information, except for government identifiers, are transferred to third parties or within our family of companies.  Such transfers may be considered a sale.  If you submit a request to stop selling your personal information, we will stop making such transfers. If you are a California resident, to opt-out of the sale of your personal information, click “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” at the bottom of our home page to submit your request through the linked form. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights.  This generally means we will not deny you goods or services, charge different prices or rates, provide a different level of service or quality of goods, or suggest that you might receive a different price or level of quality for goods.  Please know, if you ask us to delete or stop selling your data, it may impact your experience with us, and you may not be able to participate in certain programs or membership services which require usage of your personal information to function. To exercise the California privacy rights described above, please click “Request My Personal Information” at the bottom of our home page or call 1-800-538-4323. Your Privacy Rights - Shine the Light California's "Shine the Light" law, Cal. Civil Code section 1798.83, requires certain businesses to respond to California customers' inquiries about the categories of personal information that are shared for third parties’ direct marketing purposes, over the prior calendar year. We share personal information with our corporate affiliates, including Walmart and Hayneedle. You may send those inquiries to us by email, at shinethelight@Jet.com , to learn the categories of personal information that we may have shared during the prior calendar year. How to Contact Us If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Notice, or if you would like us to update information we have about you, please contact us at privacy@jet.com or Jet.com, Inc., Attention: Privacy, 221 River Street, 8th Floor, Hoboken, NJ 07030. Privacy Notice FAQ You can see our Privacy Notice FAQ here . Company About Us Careers Sell on Jet Jet Affiliates FAQ Tech Blog Download Social facebook twitter linkedin instagram Get the Offers email icon Sign up for our emails Do not sell my personal information Request my personal information Privacy Notice Terms of Use Copyright © 2018 Jet.com, Inc. | Version: 4:1.963:1588090928:af66e Version: 4:1.963:1588090928:af66e