                         UBISOFT PRIVACY POLICY    Menu     Last revised: DECEMBER 2019  WELCOME TO UBISOFT SERVICES.  PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY   Welcome to Ubisoft, a worldwide leader in video games and interactive content. This Privacy Policy explains our privacy commitment to our players and users of our services (hereinafter " Users "). This Privacy Policy is incorporated as part of the Ubisoft Terms of Use, accessible at http://legal.ubi.com/ .  At Ubisoft, we collect personal data to support our products and services, while respecting all applicable laws, including but not limited to the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA), regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016, directly applicable from May, 25th, 2018 (hereinafter, "General Data Protection Regulation", or "GDPR"), and the California Consumer Privacy Act or ("CCPA") (California Civil Code Section 1798.100 et seq.). "Personal data" means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person or device, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.  By using Ubisoft’s services, you authorize Ubisoft and its affiliated companies, such as but not limited to Ubisoft Entertainment SA, Ubisoft EMEA SAS, Ubisoft Inc., Ubisoft Mobile Games, Red Storm Entertainment Inc., and Blue Byte GmbH (collectively, " Ubisoft " or " we "), to process your personal data according to this Privacy Policy. If you do not accept the terms of this Privacy Policy, please refrain from using our online games or our games’ online functionalities, our websites, our mobile apps and any other online Ubisoft products and services (hereinafter " Services ").  In accordance with this Privacy Policy, the Data controller is Ubisoft Entertainment, with its headquarters at 107 avenue Henri Fréville, 35200, Rennes, France.  Ubisoft is a member in good standing of ESRB's Privacy Certified Program . ESRB's Privacy Certified Program is designed to ensure that our Services where this Policy is posted and where you see an ESRB Privacy Certified seal have responsible and lawful information collection, use and disclosure practices. As part of this privacy program, we are subject to audits of our Services and other enforcement and accountability mechanisms administered independently by the ESRB.  Table of contents:   When does Ubisoft collect your personal information?  What personal information does Ubisoft collect?  How does Ubisoft use my personal data?  For how long does Ubisoft keep my personal data?  With whom does Ubisoft share my personal data?  Does Ubisoft make my personal information public? Who can see my personal information?  Minors  What are my rights?  Privacy Policy changes  Contacts   1. WHEN DOES UBISOFT COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?  Ubisoft collects and processes your personal information at different times when you interact with our Services. Generally, personal information is collected when:  (a) you use a Service,  (b) you create an Account,  (c) you make a purchase within our Services,  (d) you create user generated content,  (e) you watch advertisements within our Services,  (f) you sign up for a newsletter,  (g) you contact Ubisoft customer service and during technical support sessions,  (h) you enter into a contest or sweepstakes,  (i) you chat with other users of the Services,  (j) you participate in a beta or otherwise download a patch or a demo, or  (k) you share or otherwise contribute to our social media channels or other community websites.  Whatever the activity may be, we will only collect personal information to the extent necessary to provide you with the Services and fulfil your requests.  2. WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DOES UBISOFT COLLECT?  2.1 When you use Ubisoft services  2.1.1 While Browsing Ubisoft websites  Cookies. Ubisoft uses cookies on the Services. A "cookie" is a small bit of record-keeping information that web sites often store on a user's computer. Cookies are not intended to include people's names, or other information that is directly identifiable; rather, they are typically used to quickly identify a user's device and to "remember" things about the user's visit. Ubisoft may set cookies for your web browser as you visit our websites, use our products, or visit a website where Ubisoft provides ads, content or analytics. For example, Ubisoft uses cookies to keep track of selected items in your shopping cart on our online store, and to remember your Account identifier. You can disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent to your computer, although this may affect your ability to shop online or to access certain features of our Services. Each browser is different, so check the "Help" resources for your web browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. In addition to Ubisoft using cookies on our network of websites, Ubisoft may allow certain partners to set and access their cookies on your computer. These companies’ use of cookies is subject to their own privacy policies, not the Ubisoft Privacy Policy. Please review them carefully. For more information about cookies, please see http://www.allaboutcookies.org . You can see the list of companies that may implement and/or access cookies on your computer, mobile or device, and how to opt-out to such cookies (where available) at https://legal.ubi.com/cookies/ or by using our cookies management solution on our websites (where available).  IP addresses. Ubisoft also collects Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for different reasons such as advertising, safety and security reasons. An IP address is a number that is used by computers on the network to identify your computer every time you log on to the Internet.  Other passively collected information. While browsing our sites, Ubisoft may, on its own, or with the help of third party tools, collect non-personally identifiable information concerning your gaming hardware, habits, behaviors and use of our Services. Ubisoft collects such information to better adapt our Services to users’ interests, and for a better quality of our Services. The information collected may contain the following, without limitation: device unique identity, including MAC address, console, mobile, tablet and console unique identifier or other device identifiers and settings, internet provider, carrier, operating system, hardware information, localization information, date and time spent on the Services, game scores, game metrics, achievements, rankings, time played and statistics, feature usage, advertising conversion rates, monetization rate, purchase history and other similar information.  2.1.2 Registering on a Ubisoft service  To access certain Services, you will need a Ubisoft Account. During the creation of your Account, we will ask you to provide your user name, password, email address, date of birth (or age) and country of origin. This information is mandatory to create an Account. On other Services, Ubisoft may ask you additional personal information relevant to the Service such as your phone number, home address, or geo-location information (for example, you will be asked your home address when purchasing a product within our online shop, in order for Ubisoft to deliver the product to your home address).  2.1.3 Creating a Ubisoft account  By creating a Ubisoft Account, you agree to receive newsletter or adverts about Ubisoft products, services, and sales. You can unsubscribe at any time by:  (a) clicking the unsubscribe link contained in all Ubisoft email marketing messages;  (b) changing your contact preferences on your Ubisoft account page at https://account.ubisoft.com ;  (c) contacting https://support.ubi.com/faqs/35367/Reviewing-the-data-that-Ubisoft-holds-about-me/ with your unsubscribe request; or  (d) sending your unsubscribe request to Ubisoft, Inc. Attn: Privacy Rights Administrator c/o Legal Department, 625 Third Street San Francisco, 94107 CA, USA.  To access certain Services, you will need to give an additional consent to allow Ubisoft to share some of your personal data with third parties, such as companies or organizations, which provide services and products you may be interested in. In this case, you can unsubscribe from third parties’ communications through the mechanisms provided by the third party.  2.1.4 Contacting Ubisoft  Ubisoft may ask for your first name, family name, e-mail address and your date of birth to answer your demands to the Ubisoft Customer Support, to confirm any information or transaction on your Ubisoft account, and to give you information regarding the Services (for instance, if you lose your password or if we make changes to the Terms of Use).  2.1.5 Participating in contests and sweepstakes  Ubisoft may offer you the opportunity to participate in online surveys, questionnaires, contests and sweepstakes. To participate, you may need to provide your first name, your family name, e-mail address, date of birth, your address and country of residence. If you choose to participate in contests, sweepstakes, surveys and questionnaires, your personal data may be processed to allow you to participate, and for internal statistical use.  2.1.6 Interacting on forums and chats  Whenever you participate or interact with other users on a forum, or a chat whether it is public or a private chat Ubisoft collects the content of your communications, the time and the location of your activities, as well as your online ID and your IP address.  2.1.7 Advertisements  Ubisoft uses third party ad-serving technologies that may collect information to provide behavioral and non-behavioral advertisements within our Services. The information collected and used for the targeted advertising may contain the following, without limitation: age and gender, number of views of an advertisement, device unique identifier or other device identifiers and settings, information about your use of the products and Services, other sites (including third party web pages and mobile Internet sites) you have viewed (as well as date and time viewed), advertisement(s) served, the advertisement(s)’ in-game location and length, and your response to the advertisement(s) (if any). The analytics tools and ad serving technologies may use server log files, web beacons, cookies, tracking pixels and other technologies to collect this information, and may combine the information collected on other Ubisoft Services with information collected from other third party websites, products and services and with demographic, advertisement, market and other analytics surveys.  You can find a list of our partners whose analytic tools and ad serving technologies are used in our Services at https://legal.ubi.com/cookies/ . Ubisoft makes its best efforts to provide you with the links to our partners’ privacy policies, and when available, instructions regarding how to opt-out from their services.  You can see how to opt-out of such cookies (where available) at https://legal.ubi.com/cookies/ or by using our control management solution on our websites or mobile games (where available).  On mobile games, you can limit the personalized ads by some partners by enabling the "Limit Ad Tracking" setting on iOS devices or "Opt-out of Ads Personalisation" setting on Android devices.  2.1.8 Social media and other third parties’ platforms  Ubisoft may also collect personal information on third party social networks, platforms or services. By playing a Ubisoft game through a social network or other third party platform, or by connecting to such a third party network, platform or service via one of our products and/or Services, you authorize Ubisoft to (1) collect, store, and use, in accordance with this Privacy Policy, any and all personal information that you agreed the social network or third party platform could provide to Ubisoft based on your settings on the social network or platform, and (2) share any and all of your personal information with the social network or other third party platform, through the social network/third party platform’s Application Programming Interface (API). You agree to this sharing when you connect with the third party network, platform or service via our products and/or services, and/or when you connect with, "accept" or "allow" (or similar terms) one of our applications through a social network, or other third party platform or service.  2.1.9 Custom content  Ubisoft may work with trusted marketing partners to bring you more useful and interesting advertising content on our Services and on third party sites and services. If the box labeled "Share my information with select parties" on your Ubisoft Account settings is checked and/or if the box labeled "Media sharing" on your Ubisoft Account settings is checked (where available), we may do this by sharing or matching the personal information you have provided us on the Services with the information (which may include personal information) you have provided third party marketing partners. If you do not want Ubisoft to match your Personal Information with trusted partners to tailor ads or other custom content for you on our Services and/or third party sites, you can uncheck these boxes at https://account.ubisoft.com/ at any time. When you uncheck these boxes, Ubisoft will no longer share your Personal Information with partners to tailor ads or other custom content for you following up to 30 days after the date of your request.  As explained above in the cookies section, we may share some information via cookies and other technologies. To learn more about our trusted marketing partners or opt-out of this sharing, please consult https://legal.ubi.com/cookies/ .  2.2 Whenever you play Ubisoft games  2.2.1 Registering when activating a Ubisoft game  If you play Ubisoft games on a third-party console, your ID for the console will be disclosed to Ubisoft, in order to let Ubisoft create your Ubisoft Account. You must have a Ubisoft Account in order to access certain online features. From your console, Ubisoft receives your username and your password, your e-mail address, your date of birth, and your country of residence.  2.2.2 Creation of user generated content  Some Services give you access to tools in order to allow you to create and/or share unique content. This User-Generated Content may be collected by Ubisoft; this content may also contain your personal information or the personal information of others (for instance, your name, or a picture of you). Please exercise caution: Ubisoft is not liable for any negative consequences linked to your disclosure of User-generated content.  2.2.3 In-game data collection  Whenever you use the Services, Ubisoft may collect, store and process your in-game data, including but not limited to: your game scores, game metrics, achievements, rankings, time played and statistics, feature usage, advertising conversion rates, monetization rate, purchase history and other similar information. Ubisoft will use this information to improve the Services, to personalize them to your interests, and otherwise upgrade your gaming experience. Any information collected by Ubisoft in accordance with Article 1 of this Privacy Policy may also be used in an aggregated form to identify specific patterns regarding the use of our Services.  2.2.4 Accessibility and social features  Some Ubisoft Services may allow you to use a voice chat feature, as a way to communicate with other players and to facilitate accessibility to Ubisoft Services. Whenever you use the voice chat, Ubisoft may collect, store and process your game data, including but not limited to: the timestamp of your voice chat, your IP address and your Ubisoft account ID. Ubisoft will use these pieces of information in order to allow you to use the voice chat feature.  2.2.5 Anti-cheat and anti-toxicity  When using Ubisoft Services, you may be submitted to Ubisoft games’ Codes of conduct, and to Ubisoft’s Terms of Use. In order to implement anti-cheat and anti-toxicity prohibition, Ubisoft may collect, store and process your personal data, including but not limited to: your Ubisoft account ID, your in-game data, your IP address, your device ID and your in-game chat logs. Ubisoft will use these pieces of information in order to apply sanctions and bans to players who breach its Codes of conduct and Terms of Use.  2.3 Online payment  For some Services, you may make purchases, whether you shop on Ubisoft websites or directly in-game. When you do this, you agree that Ubisoft may share your personal data with third parties, companies, or organizations, which may collect and process your personal data in order to effectuate online credit card transactions, delivery, discounts, and promotional gifts. To make a purchase on Ubisoft store and process your online payment, you may be asked to provide the information to a payment provider such as your first name, your family name, your address, your e-mail address, your country of residence and your banking details, i.e. your credit card number, the name of the credit card owner, the expiration date and security code. This information may be stored in Ubisoft’s premises, or, when relevant, in the third parties’ premises. Such storage is necessary to allow Ubisoft to manage internal accounts, checking, accounting, compliance, and for legal purposes, in accordance with Article 3 of this Privacy Policy. You may be asked to give your telecommunications provider’s name, your cell phone model, and a valid phone number in order to provide you with purchasing instructions directly via your cell phone. For the payment of your in-game purchases, you may find supplementary information in our Terms of Sale, accessible at http://legal.ubi.com/ .  3. HOW DOES UBISOFT USE MY PERSONAL DATA?  The information you submit to our Services is collected and used by Ubisoft as set out in this Privacy Policy. In addition, Ubisoft may use the submitted information to answer your demands, to send your order confirmations and other information regarding your Ubisoft Account, to send you advertising or promotional materials, including information about special rebates, promotional offers and other events of interest, based on your preferences. We also use your personal information for our internal marketing and demographic studies, so we can constantly improve the Services we provide you and to better meet your needs.  Ubisoft may have to duplicate some of your personal data within its databases for technical reasons, or for any other reason indicated in this Privacy Policy. Ubisoft may use your IP address and Console ID to enforce the Ubisoft Terms of Use and Terms of Sale. In case of misuse of the Services by any User, Ubisoft reserves the right to block such User’s Ubisoft Account, IP address or console ID, as provided by licensed console manufacturers. Ubisoft may use your date of birth or your age to control access to its forums and live chats, in accordance with the relevant laws. Ubisoft does not monitor all chat communications on its services. However, Ubisoft reserves the right, at its sole discretion and without notice, to modify or delete any communications on its service. Ubisoft may use all data collected in the forums and chat logs to enforce its Terms, to carry out its legal obligations, and to protect its rights and the rights and safety of its affiliated companies, users, and employees. Your information may be disclosed to any relevant judiciary or administrative entity, in accordance with the relevant legal provisions.  3.1 Legal basis for your personal data collection and processing  Ubisoft processes your personal data, wherever necessary:  - To provide you with the Services (creation of your Ubisoft account, bug detection, fighting fraud, online payment, etc.)  - To offer the best possible experience to users, and improve the Services (in-game data analytics, etc). It is in Ubisoft’s legitimate interest to process your data for these purposes.  - To provide you with supplementary services (custom content, etc.). In such case, Ubisoft will ask for your consent before processing your personal data for this purpose.  3.2 Security  We take your privacy and the security of your personal information very seriously. To protect your personal information, Ubisoft maintains appropriate safeguards to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of the information you have provided. We use robust security measures to protect personal information from loss, misuse and alteration. We use industry-standard practices such as encrypted communications, physically secured rooms, firewalls and password protection systems to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information. In addition, we take reasonable steps to assure that third parties who collect personal information on our behalf provide sufficient protection of personal information, in addition to requiring their compliance with this Privacy Policy at all times. Please note, we will notify Users of a data breach pursuant to applicable law .  However, please note that no existing data transmission method on the web, or electronic storage, can guarantee the absolute security of your personal data. If your Ubisoft accounts and personal data are protected by a password, you are responsible for ensuring this password’s confidentiality. Please do not disclose this password. If you share a computer with other people, please consider disconnecting from your accounts before allowing others to use your computer. Services may contain links leading to third party websites, such as but not limited to social media sites. Whenever you click on a link leading to a third party’s website, you agree to leave Ubisoft Services as governed by this Privacy Policy, and you understand and agree that Ubisoft does not control such third party’s website. Ubisoft cannot guarantee that third parties’ websites will be governed by the same security and confidentiality obligations. Ubisoft is not liable for the use of your personal data by these third parties. Please consider checking privacy policies of any service provider you transfer your personal data to.  DESPITE OUR REASONABLE EFFORTS TO KEEP YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION SECURE, NO COMPANY CAN GUARANTEE THE SECURITY AND PRIVACY OF ITS SERVICES, INFORMATION AND OTHER DATA. OUR PRIVACY POLICIES AND PROCEDURES ARE "AS IS" AND UBISOFT MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS AS TO THE FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR MERCHANTABILITY.  4. FOR HOW LONG DOES UBISOFT KEEP MY PERSONAL DATA?  Unless relevant legal provisions mandate a different data retention period, Ubisoft will store your personal data only as long as necessary to process it according to this Privacy Policy. For instance, we may retain certain information after you close your account for a period of time needed to protect Ubisoft from legal claims. In this case, we will archive your personal data during the relevant statutory period of limitations.  5. WITH WHOM DOES UBISOFT SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION?  Except as otherwise set forth in this Policy, Ubisoft does not disclose your personal data to any third party without your prior consent.  5.1 Sharing your personal data with Ubisoft affiliated companies  Ubisoft may share your personal information among the Ubisoft group of companies. To the extent that our corporate affiliates and/or technical partners have access to your information, they will follow practices that are at least as restrictive as the practices described in this Privacy Policy.  5.2 Sharing your personal data with third parties  While browsing on Ubisoft websites, or while using Ubisoft Services, external providers may collect your personal data for and on behalf of Ubisoft, and Ubisoft may share some of your personal data with these partners to allow the functioning of the Services. For example, these third parties may help deliver your purchases, provide discounts or offer products, promote the Services, perform electronic payment processing, and any other service that may be required by Ubisoft.  5.3 Sharing your personal data with government authorities  In accordance with relevant laws, Ubisoft may have to disclose your personal data to a judiciary or administrative entity, whenever such disclosure is deemed necessary for protecting, challenging or enforcing the legal rights of Ubisoft, its Users, or third parties. Unless required by law, Ubisoft will not be required to notify you of any such disclosure.  5.4 Sharing your personal data in case of mergers  In the unlikely event Ubisoft’s business activities or shares are transferred partly or totally to any third party, such third parties may access your personal data. In this case, Ubisoft may also allow your personal data to be transferred to the acquiring third party.  5.5 Transfers of personal data to third countries  Please be aware that your personal information may be transferred to, stored in, and processed by affiliated companies, subcontractors and/or Ubisoft partners, located in third countries such as, but not limited to, the United States, Canada and China. A list of Ubisoft affiliated companies is available at https://www.ubisoft.com/en-us/company/overview.aspx . The list of our marketing partners is available at https://legal.ubi.com/cookies/ .  Some personal data recipients are located in countries that are not considered as ensuring an adequate protection level according to the EU Commission. In such case, Ubisoft or it partners use the strict framework of the EU Commission’s approved standard contractual clauses, which are available on the EU Commission website ( https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/data-transfers-outside-eu/model-contracts-transfer-personal-data-third-countries_fr/ ), or the Privacy Shield framework.  5.6 Business Information  For practical reasons, we treat Personal Information submitted to us in a business capacity different from information we receive in a non-business capacity. Personal Information submitted to us in a business capacity (e.g. resumes) may be shared with third parties as described at the time of collection.  6. DOES UBISOFT MAKE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION PUBLIC? WHO CAN SEE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION?  Ubisoft Services may offer a public profile feature ("Public Profile") that allows you to publish information, including personal information, to the public Internet. Other than as stated on the applicable Public Profile site, the information you upload or input to your Public Profile will default to the privacy level you choose at sign-in. By default, certain aspects of the Public Profile are set to "public". Those aspects of the Public Profile that are designated as "public" will be visible to everyone, potentially including people not registered within the Ubisoft environment, and may be indexed and displayed through public search engines when someone searches for you. If you post your personal information to a Public Profile, including a video, image or photo, you should be aware that these may be viewed, collected, copied and/or used by other users without your consent.  We are not responsible for disclosure by other users of your personal information, including without limitation, videos, images or photos that you choose to make public on the Ubisoft Services. Also, please remember that the personal information you provide to us as part of your Public Profile may reveal or allow others to identify aspects of your life that you may not choose to state on your Public Profile directly (for example, your picture may reveal your gender).  Certain Services may feature a friend finder tool. By using our friend finder tools, you acknowledge that these tools will help you find your contacts, and will also allow your contacts to associate your Ubisoft Account, other Ubisoft accounts (if any), and related gaming entitlements, including games played on PC, mobile and console platforms with your social networking profile and/or email address. Your resulting friends' list, which may be accessible across Ubisoft’s sites, will be subject to this Privacy Policy. Note that the friends that you choose to include on your friend list may be able to find and/or identify you in the context of different Ubisoft products and Services, and may see the profiles and information you have made visible to them or to everyone. Similarly, Ubisoft may also collect or receive information about you from other Ubisoft users who choose to upload their emails and other contacts. This information will be stored by us and used primarily to help you and your friends connect.  7. MINORS  Unless stated specifically to the contrary in a given Service, our Services are not intended for children under the age of 13 in the United States or under the age of consent in other jurisdictions ("Children" or "Child"), and Ubisoft will not request any Personal Information from Children. For games that are not directed at Children but nonetheless are likely to appeal to younger players, we take additional steps to limit access to these Services on age grounds, and limit data collection for Children to only what is necessary to support the internal operations of the Service.  In certain jurisdictions, for we may allow a Child to register for specific Services with parental approval. In these circumstances, we will take additional steps to protect the Child’s privacy by notifying the parent about our information practices with regard to Children, and asking for consent before processing their Child’s personal information. Parents may delete their Child's account, change their Child's privacy settings, or access and modify their Child’s personal data at any time by contacting customer support at support.ubi.com.  In all cases, use of the Services by Children must take place under the responsibility of their parents or legal guardians and any use of the Services is assumed to have been validated by them. AS FAR AS IS PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LEGISLATION, UBISOFT DECLINES ANY RESPONSIBILITY REGARDING ANY ACTIVITIES WHICH MAY BE CONDUCTED BY CHILDREN WITHOUT THE PERMISSION OF THEIR PARENTS OR LEGAL GUARDIANS.  IF YOU ARE A PARENT OR LEGAL GUARDIAN AND YOU GIVE YOUR PERMISSION FOR YOUR CHILD TO REGISTER FOR ONE OR OTHER OF THE SERVICES, YOU THEREBY AGREE TO THE TERMS RELATING TO USE OF THE SERVICES BY YOUR CHILD.  8. WHAT ARE MY RIGHTS?  You can access and update the contact information you gave us during registration (that is, your e-mail address or any other information that would directly enable us to contact you), by logging in and clicking the Edit Profile section. Additionally, you have a right to access, rectify, erase, object, or restrict processing for all your personal data processed by Ubisoft, as well as the right of data portability. You can exercise these rights or terminate your  Ubisoft account by writing to Ubisoft customer support, via the following website: https://support.ubi.com/faqs/35367/Reviewing-the-data-that-Ubisoft-holds-about-me/ . Ubisoft will answer your request within a month following the receipt of your demand. Ubisoft reserves the right to extend its time to respond up to three months if it necessary in light of the complexity of your demand, or based on the number of demands we receive. In such a case, we will inform you of this extension within a month following the receipt of your demand.  Ubisoft may work with trusted marketing partners to bring you more useful and interesting advertising content on our services and on third party sites and services. If the box labeled " Share my information with Limited parties " on your Ubisoft Account settings is checked, we can share personal information from your Ubisoft account with partners for marketing and promotional purposes. If you do not want Ubisoft to match your personal Information with partners to tailor ads or other custom content for you on our Services and/or third party services, you can uncheck this box at https://account.ubisoft.com/ at any time.  Cookies: As explained above in the cookies section, we may share some information via cookies and other technologies. To learn more about our trusted marketing partners or opt-out of this sharing, please consult https://legal.ubi.com/cookies/ .  Mobile games: On mobile games, you can limit the personalized ads by some partners by enabling the "Limit Ad Tracking" setting on iOS devices or "Opt-out of Ads Personalization" setting on Android devices.  Do not Track: Ubisoft does not currently respond to Do Not Track (DNT) settings in your browser.  Users under 18. If you are under 18 (eighteen) years old and desire that your information you have posted to a Ubisoft public facing site be removed from such site, please contact us at https://support.ubi.com/faqs/35367/Reviewing-the-data-that-Ubisoft-holds-about-me/ . You may be required to provide additional information in order for us to verify your request. Please note, if information is deleted from our commercial databases and/or view by members of the public, we may still retain your information in our files to resolve disputes, enforce our Terms of Use or other User agreements, and due to technical and legal requirements and constraints related to the security, integrity and operation of our Services. Your request will be processed within thirty (30) days of the date of which we receive it.  If you are a Californian Resident  This Privacy Notice for California Residents supplements the information contained in Ubisoft’s Privacy Policy and applies to visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California. Consumers residing in California have certain rights with respect to their personal information under the California Consumer Privacy Act or ("CCPA") (California Civil Code Section 1798.100 et seq.).  If you are a California resident, you have the right under the CCPA to (1) request information about the categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected, sold and disclosed in the last 12 months, (2) request deletion of your personal information if applicable, and (3) opt out of the sharing and sale of your personal information, if applicable, and (4) not be discriminated against for exercising your rights under the CCPA.  To exercise your rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:   navigating to https://support.ubi.com/en-GB/faqs/35367/Reviewing-the-data-that-Ubisoft-holds-about-me or  writing to us at Ubisoft, Inc. Attn: Privacy Rights Administrator c/o Legal Department, 625 Third Street, San Francisco, 94107 CA, USA.   "Do Not Sell My Personal Information"  Thanks to the CCPA, Californian residents have the right to prevent companies from selling or sharing their personal information with marketing partners. If you wish to opt out of this sharing, please read the options described above.  Other  California’s "Shine the Light" law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of services that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please submit a verifiable consumer request as specified above.  9. PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES  Ubisoft reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. As a result, please consider checking this Privacy Policy from time to time. Your use of the Services after Ubisoft changes this Privacy Policy shall signify that you agree with the changes. If you do not accept changes made to this Privacy Policy, please refrain from using the Services.  10. CONTACTS  For any question related to your personal data processing and this Privacy Policy, please contact Ubisoft data protection officer at the following address: https://support.ubi.com/faqs/35367/Reviewing-the-data-that-Ubisoft-holds-about-me/ .  You can also write us at the address below:  Ubisoft, Inc. Attn: Privacy Rights Administrator c/o Legal Department 625 Third Street San Francisco, 94107 CA, USA  Please be assured that any personal information that you provide in communications to the above email and postal mail addresses will not be used to send you promotional materials, unless you request it.  Ubisoft is a licensee of the ESRB's Privacy Certified Program. If you believe that we have not responded to your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, please contact ESRB at: http://www.esrb.org/privacy/contact/ or:  ESRB  Attn: VP, Privacy Certified Program  420 Lexington Ave, Suite 2240  New York, NY 10170  privacy@esrb.org           