  You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.  COVID-19 UPDATES: WHAT WE’RE DOING TO PROTECT AND SUPPORT OUR MEMBERS, TEAM AND COMMUNITY.  LEARN MORE Bike Tread App   Effective: January 1, 2020 California Privacy Notice California law requires us to disclose certain information related to our privacy practices. This California Privacy Notice is intended to supplement our Peloton Privacy Policy, available at https://www.onepeloton.com/privacy-policy , in order to meet our disclosure requirements pursuant to California law. To understand our privacy practices, you should refer to our Peloton Privacy Policy in addition to this supplement applicable to California Residents. This California Privacy Notice applies to Personal Information, as defined below, that is processed by Peloton in the course of our business, including via the Peloton Site, the interfaces on tablets connected to Peloton fitness equipment such as the Peloton Bike and Tread, and through our Apps, forums, social media accounts, blogs, studios, retail showrooms, and other online or offline offerings (together with any and all future online and offline offerings operated by or on behalf of Peloton, the “ Services ”). This California Privacy Notice is not intended to apply to Personal Information we collect about our employees, applicants for employment, or contractors in the employment context. “Personal Information” is defined in the Peloton Privacy Policy. However, the definition of “Personal Information” under California law differs from this definition. As used in this California Privacy Notice only, “Personal Information” refers to “information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household.” WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT The table below identifies the categories of Personal Information we collect as well as examples of of Personal Information in such categories. For more information about the personal information we collect, please see section 3.1 of the Peloton Privacy Policy . Category Examples of Personal Information in this Category Identifiers Name, email address, mailing address, shipping address, phone number, username, physical characteristics, birthday, location, images of you Protected characteristics Age, gender Commercial information Purchase history, use history (total number of classes taken, the dates you took those classes, class performance history, including leaderboard rank, achievements earned, total output, speed, distance and calories burned), in-studio attendance history, your followers and who you are following Geolocation data Internet protocol (IP) address, GPS location, longitude/latitude, city, county, zip code and region, and your location and your smart device’s proximity to “beacons,” Bluetooth networks and/or other proximity systems Internet or other electronic network activity information IP address, cookie identifiers, mobile carrier, mobile advertising identifiers, MAC address, IMEI, Advertiser ID, and other device identifiers that are automatically assigned to your computer or device when you access the Internet, browser type and language, geo-location information, hardware type, operating system, Internet service provider, pages that you visit before and after using the Services, the date and time of your visit, the amount of time you spend on each page, information about the links you click and pages you view within the Services, and other actions taken through use of the Services such as preferences Financial, medical, or health information Payment information, such as credit card number, status of loan application; to the extent you have worn a heart rate monitor, information about your heart rate over the course of a class Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information Your visual image, likeness and voice recording (e.g., via photographs and/or video); recordings of member support and sales calls Professional information Company name and title for visitors and guests Inferences drawn from any of the above information categories Inferences about the type of classes you prefer. The sources of the Personal Information we collect above include Personal Information that you directly provide to us (for example, on our Site or our Apps, and in our studios, showrooms, or by telephone), Personal Information that we gather from the devices you use to access our Services (for example, fitness equipment, heart rate monitors, mobile applications or websites), Personal Information we receive from third party partners (for example, our financing partners if you finance your purchase, or certain marketing, research or survey partners), and Personal Information that we generate internally (for example, we may generate identifiers internally that we associate with you). HOW WE USE PERSONAL INFORMATION The Peloton Privacy Policy describes our uses of Personal Information (see section 3.2). WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION WE SHARE The Peloton Privacy Policy describes the categories of third parties with whom we share Personal Information (see section 5.1). California law requires that we also list the categories of Personal Information that we have disclosed to third parties for business purposes in the last 12 months. In the last 12 months, we have disclosed all of the categories of Personal Information we describe in the “What Personal Information We Collect” section for business purposes. For example, we may share your IP address or device ID with service providers that provide crash monitoring and reporting services to us. California residents have the right to opt out of our disclosures of Personal Information that we have disclosed to third parties for valuable consideration (which may be considered “sales” under California law even if no money is exchanged). What is covered as a “sale” under California law is not yet clear, but we currently do not “sell” your information as we understand it. However, Peloton respects and understands that you may still want to minimize sharing of your information with third parties for marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and you would like to minimize sharing of your information with third parties for marketing purposes, please fill out this form . YOUR RIGHTS As a resident of California, you have certain rights, such as: Right to access Personal Information . You may be entitled to receive the specific pieces of your Personal Information we have collected in the 12 months preceding your request. Right to data portability . You may be entitled to receive a copy of your electronic Personal Information in a readily-usable format. Right to know . You may be entitled to receive information regarding the categories of Personal Information we collected, the sources from which we collected Personal Information, the purposes for which we collected and shared Personal Information, the categories of Personal Information that we sold and the categories of third parties to whom the Personal Information was sold, and the categories of Personal Information that we disclosed for a business purpose in the 12 months preceding your request. Right to deletion . You may be entitled to request that we delete the Personal Information that we have collected from you. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor your request, in compliance with applicable laws. Please note, however, that we may need to keep such information, such as for our legitimate business purposes or as required to comply with applicable law. Right to opt-out of certain sharing with third parties . You may be entitled to direct us to stop disclosing your Personal Information to third parties for monetary or other valuable consideration. What is covered as a “sale” under California law is not yet clear, but we currently do not “sell” your information as we understand it. You may freely exercise these rights without fear of being denied goods or services. We may, however, provide a different level of service or charge a different rate reasonably relating to the value of your personal information. If you are a California resident and would like to exercise one of your rights, please contact us at privacy@onepeloton.com or at 1-866-679-9129 . California law requires us to verify the requests we receive from you when you exercise certain of the rights listed above. We (or third parties we engage to assist us) may ask you to provide certain information to us in order for us to verify the request. In addition to these rights, pursuant to California’s “Shine the Light” law, California residents who share personal information with us have the right to request and obtain from us once per year, free of charge, a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed their Personal Information (if any) for direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year, as well as the type of Personal Information disclosed to those parties. If you would like to exercise this right, please use the contact information listed in this section to contact us. Learn Membership Live Schedule Bike Reviews Tread Reviews Bike Financing Tread Financing Instructors About Our Story Team Careers Press Global Blog Investors Visit Us Showrooms Commercial Bike Hotel Finder Book a Test Class Support Contact Us FAQs Return Policy Bike Warranty Tread Warranty Shipping Sign up to get the latest Submit For more about how we use your information, see our Privacy Policy . 1⁠-⁠866⁠-⁠679⁠-⁠9129 Start a Live Chat Visit Support Center Get The Peloton App Privacy Policy Terms of Service Membership Terms IP Policy Yr CA Privacy Rights © Peloton 2012-2020, Peloton Interactive, Inc. All rights reserved.      Your cart Your cart is empty. Shop Now Shop Bike Shop Tread Shop Accessories Shop Apparel Showrooms Reviews Membership Schedule Instructors Support Sign in NYC Studios  United States Canada Deutschland United Kingdom   