Go to Pipl SEARCH Go to Pipl API Customer Log In Start My Free Preview HOME PRODUCTS PRODUCT OVERVIEW Pipl SEARCH Pipl API PRICING SOLUTIONS INVESTIGATION & RESEARCH IDENTITY VERIFICATION & FRAUD RESOURCES BLOG Content LIBRARY Privacy Center DEVELOPER RESOURCES COMPANY ABOUT Pipl Leadership CAREERS CONTACT Buy Pipl SEARCH Online Start a Free Pipl SEARCH Preview Start a Free Pipl API Preview Contact Sales PARTNER INQUIRIES CUSTOMER SUPPORT Personal Information Removal REQUEST A FREE TRIAL Login to Pipl SEARCH Login to Pipl API Privacy Center Home My Information & Privacy Data Collection Practices Privacy policy California Privacy Notice California Privacy Notice Remove My Information Click here for the CCPA opt-out form This California Privacy Notice  supplements the information contained in the Privacy Policy of Pipl, Inc. (“Pipl,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) and applies solely to visitors, users and others who reside in the State of California (“Consumer(s), ” as defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, or “you”). We have adopted this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) and the related regulations and other applicable California privacy laws. Any capitalized terms in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this notice. 1. General Information. ‍ ‍ To learn about our commitment to privacy, please visit our privacy center . 2.  Personal Information We Collect. When referring to Personal information Pipl collects about you, it is important to distinguish between two classes of information: ‍ “Public Data” is publicly available Personal Information we collect about you from (a) the Internet (for example, news articles and blog posts) or (b) other publicly available sources, such as phone books, public records, business contact and other professional listings. “Private Data” is Personal Information you provided to us or we collected in our internal systems as part of providing you with our services (for example, your account email and name, billing information or customer support records) We collect the following categories of Personal Information from Consumers: Category Type Type Description Public Data Private Data Characteristics Education Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records. No No Characteristics Evaluation Job performance evaluations No No Characteristics Financial Financial information, medical information, health insurance information No No Characteristics Geolocation Physical location or movements No Yes Characteristics Language Language Yes Yes Characteristics Marital Status Marital status No No Characteristics Medical Medical condition, physical or mental disability, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions, sleep, health, or exercise No No Characteristics Military Veteran or military status No No Characteristics Personality Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes No No Characteristics Purchases Products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies No Yes Characteristics Race Race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship No No Characteristics Religion Religion or creed No No Characteristics Sensory Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information No No Characteristics Sexual Orientation Sexual orientation No No Characteristics Web Usage Browsing history, search history, interaction with a website, application, or advertisement No Yes Identifiers Biometric Genetic information (including familial genetic information), fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns No No Identifiers Email Email address Yes Yes Identifiers Financial Bank account number, credit card number, debit card number No No Identifiers IP Internet Protocol Address Yes Yes Identifiers Location Address, postal address Yes Yes Identifiers Name Real name, alias Yes Yes Identifiers Phone Telephone number Yes Yes Identifiers Sensitive ID Social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, state identification card number, insurance policy number No No Identifiers Signature Signature No No Identifiers User ID Unique personal identifier, online identifier Yes Yes Identifiers Username Alias, online identifier, account name Yes Yes Identifiers & Characteristics Age Date of birth, age, birthday Yes Yes Identifiers & Characteristics Associates Related persons, work, family, neighbors and other association Yes Yes Identifiers & Characteristics Education Level Degree, institution, certifications awarded Yes Yes Identifiers & Characteristics Employment Employment, employment history Yes Yes Identifiers & Characteristics Gender Gender, gender identity, gender expression Yes Yes Identifiers & Characteristics General General text related to the person, news articles, academic publications, blogs and any other relevant text Yes Yes Identifiers & Characteristics Groups Affiliation with trade, industry, professional and other interest groups Yes Yes Identifiers & Characteristics Keywords Tags, concepts, keywords Yes Yes Identifiers & Characteristics Physical Physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics or description No No Identifiers & Characteristics Property Personal property such as house, vehicle, company ownership Yes Yes 3. Categories of Sources We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources: Public Data Online : Publicly available Personal Information collected from pages, documents, databases or applications available on the world wide web. Offline: Personal Information licensed from providers of publicly available information such as phone books publishers, public records aggregators, business & professional contacts providers. Private Data Directly and indirectly from activity on our website or other systems. For example, from submissions through our website (such as prospective customers seeking information or help) or website usage details automatically collected. 4. Uses of Personal Information We may use or disclose Personal Information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes: Public Data We provide or sell Public Data to the users of our Services. For example, when our Customer uses one of our services to validate identity information, we provide the publicly available personal information on that individual. Our services are used primarily for identity verification, compliance, fraud prevention, contact enrichment and investigations. Private Data We use this data to provide our Services to our Customer or to improve our services. For example, when you use our website or any of our services, we collect information about how often and what function you are using so that we can improve the quality of our service. We never publish or sell your Private Data. We do not disclose Private Data to a third party unless such third party is our service provider processing that information on our behalf while protecting it from unauthorized disclosure. We never knowingly sell or publicly disclose Personal Information that is associated with a minor individual. Please read our Privacy Policy to learn more. 5. Your Rights and Choices. The CCPA provides Consumers who are California residents with certain rights regarding their Personal Information. This section describes your CCPA rights. The following sections explain how to exercise those rights. Right to Know/Disclosure You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your Personal Information over the past 12 months. You may request either information about the categories of Personal Information that we collect about you and/or specific pieces  of Personal Information.  Once we receive your request and confirm your identity, we will disclose to you, in accordance with your request: The categories of Personal Information we have collected about you. The categories of sources for the Personal Information we have collected about you. Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that Personal Information. The categories of third parties with whom we share that Personal Information. The specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you. If we sold or disclosed your Personal Information for a business purpose we will identify the Personal Information categories that each category of recipient obtained. Deletion Request Rights You have the right to request that we delete any of your Private Data that we have collected and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your request and verify your identity, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your Private Data from our records, unless one of the exceptions below applies. We may deny your request to delete if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to: Complete the transaction for which we collected the Personal Information, provided a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you. Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities. Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality. Exercise free speech ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights or exercise another right provided for by law. Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code Sec. 1546 et seq .). Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent. Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us. Comply with a legal obligation. Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it. Opt-Out Rights You have the right to request that we not sell your Personal Information. While we are not required to verify your identity, we may deny a request if we have a good-faith, reasonable and documented belief that the request is fraudulent. NOTE: while we make a good faith effort to accommodate opt-out requests about Personal Information, due to the nature of  Pipl’s technology and the ever-changing nature of the internet, opting-out of certain information does not guarantee that similar information will not appear in another form, at a different source or in a new record. In collecting publicly available information, Pipl is essentially acting as a search engine, very much like Google or Bing, constantly scanning publicly available sources for identity information then providing identity solutions to customers based on that information. When you exercise your right to opt-out, your request covers removing Personal Information that is currently on our systems. At present, we do not have an effective way to apply your request to any Personal Information that we may discover or receive in the future, as new information about you becomes available you may submit a new opt-out request. 6. Exercising Your Opt-out, Disclosure and Deletion Rights To exercise your right to know, delete or opt-out as described above, you may submit a request to us via the following methods: Filling this opt-out/removal request form  (easiest to fill, expect quick response) Calling us at (877) 616-1115 (phone requests typically require additional steps and take longer to process) Initiate a request for disclose/deletion  (identity verification required, in some cases you will be asked to send a copy of your California picture ID) Only you or a person that you have authorized to act on your behalf may make a verifiable Consumer request related to your Personal Information on your behalf.  You may also make a verifiable Consumer requires on behalf of your minor child. You may only make a verifiable Consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable Consumer request must: Provide enough information that allows us reasonably to verify that you are the person about whom we collected the Personal Information or an authorized representative of the person about whom we collected the Personal Information. Describe your request with enough detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate and respond to it. We cannot respond to your request to delete or provide you with Personal Information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the Personal Information relates to you or to the person that you are representing (if you are an authorized representative). We will try to use information we have about you to verify your identity, if additional verification is required, we may ask you for additional proof of identity such as a copy of your picture ID. Making a Consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use Personal Information provided in your request and any information provided  to verify your identity in connection with the request, solely to process the request, keeping audit records, verify the requestor’s identity and/or authority to make the request and for no other purpose. If a Consumer uses an authorized agent to submit a request, we may require the following: 1) that the Consumer provide the authorized agent written permission to do so and verify the Consumer's identity directly with Pipl or 2) a power of attorney authoring the authorized agent to act on behalf of the Consumer that is (a) either witnessed by two parties or duly notarized and (b) otherwise complies with the requirements of the California Probate Code, Sections 4000-4465. Confirmation of Request: Upon receiving a request for disclosure or deletion, we shall confirm receipt thereof within 10 days. Except in instances where we deny the request,  confirmation will include information about how we will process the request, including our verification process and the timeline on which the Consumer should expect a response. Response Timing and Format: We endeavor to respond to a verifiable Consumer request within 45 of its receipt. We are permitted up to 90 days to respond, if we notify you of the extension within 45 days of our receipt of your request. If we require an extension, we will inform you of the reason and the extension period in writing. You are not required to have an account with us to make a verifiable request. We will deliver our written response by mail or electronically at your option.  Any disclosure we provide will cover the 12-month period preceding receipt of the verifiable Consumer request. If we cannot comply with your request, the response we provide will also explain the reasons. For disclosing the data itself, we will provide your Personal Information in a format that is readily available and portable. We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable Consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request. 7. Non-Discrimination We will not discriminate against you for exercising any or your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not: Deny you goods or services Charge you a different price or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties. Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services. Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services. 8. Annual Report on Requests to Know, Delete and Opt-Out for calendar year 2020: [This report will be available at the beginning of 2021] Requests Total Number of Requests Number of Requests Complied with in Full Number of Requests Complied with in Part Number of Requests Denied Median Number of Days to Respond* Disclose Delete Opt-Out * “Respond” means providing a substantive response. It doesn’t include extension notices or other administrative notices. 9. Changes to Our Privacy Notice We reserve the right to amend this California Privacy Notice  and our Privacy Policy at our discretion and at any time without notice. Please check back from time-to-time. Last Updated: December 30, 2019 Pipl 510 S. Clearwater Loop STE 100 Post Falls, ID 83854 Terms of Service Copyright 2019 All Rights Reserved Product Product Overview Pipl SEARCH Pipl API Product Pricing Solutions Investigation & Research Identity Verification & Fraud Resources Blog Content Library Privacy Center Developer Resources Company About Pipl Management Careers Contact Buy Pipl SEARCH Online Start a Free Pipl SEARCH Preview Start a Free Pipl API Preview Contact Sales Customer Support Partner Inquiries Personal Information Removal      NEED HELP? Chatting 0 × – undefined Chat Input Box Chat Powered by