  CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT (CCPA) CUSTOMER AND AUTHORIZED AGENT CCPA REQUEST FORM Information collected during the request process will be used for verification and auditing purposes and is collected in accordance with and subject to our Privacy Policy. Please provide as much information as possible so that your identity and records in our systems can be properly verified. Do not provide or upload any sensitive information such as social security number; full credit card numbers; driver's license number; etc. Please note that a Request to be Deleted may cause you to lose all accumulated Loyalty points, awards, or rewards attached to the account being deleted. It may also impact your ability to return items, obtain a refund, recover deposits and receive special orders. You may wish to complete these transactions prior to making this request. Please ensure you have completed all Customer Care interactions to your satisfaction prior to making this request, as these records may be affected by a Request to be Deleted. You may still receive any mailers or emails already in process at the time of the request to delete was made. Emails provided in this request submission will receive a confirmation email from PrivacyPortal@totalwine.com. Confirmation email links will remain valid for 3 days. Please check your spam or junk folders if you do not see this email in your inbox. CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT (CCPA). CUSTOMER AND AUTHORIZED AGENT CCPA REQUEST FORMInformation collected during the request process will be used for verification and auditing purposes and is collected in accordance with and subject to our Privacy Policy. Please provide as much information as possible so that your identity and records in our systems can be properly verified.Do not provide or upload any sensitive information such as social security number; full credit card numbers; driver's license number; etc.Please note that a Request to be Deleted may cause you to lose all accumulated Loyalty points, awards, or rewards attached to the account being deleted. It may also impact your ability to return items, obtain a refund, recover deposits and receive special orders. You may wish to complete these transactions prior to making this request. Please ensure you have completed all Customer Care interactions to your satisfaction prior to making this request, as these records may be affected by a Request to be Deleted.You may still receive any mailers or emails already in process at the time of the request to delete was made.Emails provided in this request submission will receive a confirmation email from PrivacyPortal@totalwine.com. Confirmation email links will remain valid for 3 days. Please check your spam or junk folders if you do not see this email in your inbox. I am a (an) (Required) * Email for Request Correspondence Enter email for correspondence with the data request. Enter email for correspondence with the data request.   First Name Enter the first name of the data subject Enter the first name of the data subject Last Name Enter the last name of the data subject Enter the last name of the data subject Is there another email that has been used with Total Wine & More? * Is there a phone number that has been used with Total Wine & More? * Country Enter country of residence. Enter country of residence. * Billing Address 1 Billing Address 2 Please enter your apartment number, if applicable Please enter your apartment number, if applicable Billing City Billing State 5-digit Billing Zip Code Full Billing Name (as it appears on payment) Please enter the billing name as it appears on a credit card used at a Total Wine & More retail location or online. Please enter the billing name as it appears on a credit card used at a Total Wine & More retail location or online.     Please use this space to provide additional details: Enter any additional information in this section that will help us process your request. Please refrain from entering any personal information. Enter any additional information in this section that will help us process your request. Please refrain from entering any personal information. 0/ 5000 You have entered 0 of 5000 characters Expectations You will receive a confirmation email from PrivacyPortal@totalwine.com. Please check your spam or junk folders if you do not see this email in your inbox. Confirmation email links will remain valid for 3 days.  Requests to be Informed and Deleted can take up to 45 days to complete with the possibility of a 45-day extension.  Requests to Opt-out of Sale can take up to 15 days to complete.  You will receive an email notification when your request has been updated and/or completed. You will receive a confirmation email from PrivacyPortal@totalwine.com. Please check your spam or junk folders if you do not see this email in your inbox. Confirmation email links will remain valid for 3 days. . &nbsp;Requests to be Informed and Deleted can take up to 45 days to complete with the possibility of a 45-day extension.&nbsp;Requests to Opt-out of Sale can take up to 15 days to complete.&nbsp;You will receive an email notification when your request has been updated and/or completed. AUTHORIZED AGENTS: ATTACH A COPY OF THE NOTARIZED WRITTEN PERMISSION FROM THE CUSTOMER. DO NOT UPLOAD ANY DOCUMENTS CONTAINING SENSITIVE INFORMATION, SUCH AS SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER, FULL CREDIT CARD NUMBER, DRIVER'S LICENSE NUMBER, ETC. Select a File Files larger than 4 MB are not supported. Submit Total Wine & More 6600 Rockledge Drive, Bethesda, MD 20817 1-800-349-3007 PrivacyPortal@totalwine.com https://www.totalwine.com/privacy-portal  