  Skip to main content Privacy Policy Return to homepage Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy describes how Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Inc. (including its subsidiaries and affiliates) (collectively, “Red Robin,” “we,” or “our”) collects, uses, discloses, and safeguards personal information.  This Privacy Policy also tells you about your rights and choices with respect to your personal information, and how you can reach us to get answers to your questions. Collection We collect information about you in a variety of ways depending on how you interact with us.  Some of the information we collect includes personal information that can be used to identify you.  The following describes examples of the type of personal information that we collect and how we use that information. We collect personal information when you voluntarily submit it to us. See Details We may also receive your personal information from other sources, including third parties, business partners, our affiliates, or publically available sources.  For example, if someone purchases an e-gift card for you, we may receive your e-mail address and other information about you from that person.  In addition, if you submit a job application, or become a Team Member, we may conduct a background check. We also collect information from you using the following technologies: Cookies. "Cookies" are small bits of information that the Red Robin website places on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies remember information about your activities on the site to make your visits to our website more enjoyable and valuable to you by providing a customized experience and recognizing your preferences when you visit our website. If you've chosen to disable cookies on your browser, some of the functionality of our website may be lost. Certain other web pages that Red Robin produces, particularly those that require a login and password, require that cookies be enabled in your browser and cannot be used when you have disabled cookies in your browser. Flash Cookies (also called Local Shared Objects or “LSOs”). Flash cookies are data files similar to cookies, except that they can store more complex data. Flash cookies are used to remember settings, preferences, and usage, particularly for video, interactive gaming, and other similar services. Web beacons or clear pixels. Web beacons are small graphic images on a web page or in an e-mail that can be used for such things as recording the pages and advertisements clicked on by users, or tracking the performance of e-mail marketing campaigns. Web server logs.  Web server logs are records of activity created by the computer that delivers the webpages you request to your browser. For example, a web server log may record the search term you entered or the link you clicked to bring you the webpage. The Web server log also may record information about your browser, such as your IP address and the cookies set on your browser by the server. Geo-location technologies. Geo-location technology refers to technologies that permit us to determine your location. We may ask you to manually provide location information on our website, or to enable your mobile device to send us precise location information. We may also automatically collect general location information from your web browser. We participate in behavioral-based advertising. This means that a third party may use technology (e.g., a cookie) to collect information about your use of our website so that they can provide advertising about products and services tailored to your interest.  That advertising may appear either on our website, or on other websites. Use In addition to the purposes and uses described above, Red Robin uses information in the following ways: To provide you with our products, services, information, and advertisements that match your interests. To conduct research and analysis, and to improve our websites, products, or services. To send you promotional e-mails and/text messages about our products and services if we have received your consent to do so and you can unsubscribe at any time. Although the sections above describe our primary purpose in collecting your information, in many situations we have more than one purpose.  For example, if you complete an online purchase we may collect your information to perform our contract with you, but we also maintain your information after your transaction is complete so that we can quickly and easily respond to any questions you may have about your order. Disclosure In addition to the specific situations discussed elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, Red Robin discloses information in the following situations: Affiliates. We may disclose your information with companies that are affiliated with us (that is, that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with Red Robin). Business Transactions. If we sell all or part of our business, or makes a sale or transfer of assets or are otherwise involved in a merger, liquidation or other business restructuring, we may transfer your information to a third party, successor in interest or affiliate as part of that transaction, including at the planning and negotiation states. Disclosures with Your Consent. We may ask if you would like us to share your information with other unaffiliated third parties who are not described elsewhere in this policy.  For example, third parties who advertise their products and services on our websites may be given your information if you give us your consent to share it with them. Franchisees. If you have voluntarily provided us with comments on an experience at a franchise location, we may share your information with our franchisees who are not affiliates of Red Robin. Other Disclosures without Your Consent. We may disclose information where authorized or required by law, subpoena, or in other instances where Red Robin reasonably believes that it is necessary to comply with law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement.  Red Robin may also disclose information to establish or exercise our rights, to defend against a legal claim, to protect the safety and security of you or others, or to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding possible illegal activities, suspected fraud, or a violation of our policies. Public. Some of our websites may provide the opportunity to post comments, or reviews, in a public forum.  If you decide to submit information on these pages, that information may be publically available. Service Providers. We may disclose your information with third party service providers to assist us in providing our products and services to you.  Among other things service providers may help us to administer our website, conduct surveys, provide technical support, process payments, and assist in the fulfillment of orders. Sponsored Promotion. We may offer sweepstakes or contests in conjunction with a co-sponsor that may have special offers or promotions that might be of interest to Red Robin guests.  In such case if you opt in, your information may be shared with the co-sponsor and their use of your information is governed by their privacy policy. Security We use reasonable measures to help prevent personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.  While we use reasonable efforts to protect the information in our possession, no security system is perfect and we cannot promise that information about you will remain fully secure in all circumstances.  Read more: Consumer Cyber Security Commitment to our Guests . Choices You can make the following choices regarding your personal information: Promotional Emails. You can withdraw your consent to receive marketing communications at any time.  If you wish to stop receiving marketing communications from Red Robin, please click on the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any promotional e-mail you receive from us, or by contacting us using the information below. Online Tracking. Some web browsers and devices permit you to broadcast a preference that you not be “tracked” online.  At this time we do not modify your experience based upon whether such a signal is broadcast. Personal Information Requests: Access to Your Personal Information.  You may request access to your personal information.  If required by law, upon request, we will grant you reasonable access to the personal information that we have about you.  If you would like to submit a request to access such information, please follow the instructions under “Personal Information Request Details” below. Changes to Your Personal Information. If your personal information is incorrect, you may request that we make changes by contacting us using the instructions below under “Personal Information Request Details” below. Your request must include (1) all of the incorrect personal information that you wish to change, (2) the corrected personal information, and (3) your signature authorizing such changes.  Red Robin will then correct the personal information in our database and send a written confirmation to you. Deletion of Your Personal Information. Typically we retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.  You may, however, request information about how long we keep a specific type of information, or request that we delete your personal information.  If required by law, upon request, we will grant a request to delete information, but you should note that in many situations we must keep your personal information to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, or for another one of our business purposes.  If you would like to submit a request to delete information, please follow the instructions under “Personal Information Request Details” below. Personal Information Request Details. To make a request to access or delete your information as described above, please submit a Personal Information Request or call 877-499-6809.  Please include your first and last name, phone number, email address (if available), the type of request you are making, and whether or not you are a California resident in your Personal Information Request. Additional Information Social Media and Share Links. When you “like” or “follow” us on Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, Twitter or other social media sites, we may collect your information.  This information may include your name, e-mail address, and any comments or content you post that are relevant to us.  We may also collect your information if you sign up for one of our promotions or submit information to us through Facebook, Pinterest, Instagram, Twitter or another social media site.  These links may include the use of so-called “share links.”  A “share link” is a button and/or text link appearing on our websites that launches a sharing mechanism that allows you to post links to, and content from, our websites or application onto other websites. Notice to California Residents. California Civil Code Sections 1798.115(c), 1798.130(a)(5)(c), 1798.130(c), and 1798.140 indicate that organizations should disclose whether certain categories of personal information are collected, “sold,” or transferred for an organization’s “business purpose” (as those terms are defined under California law).  If you are a California resident, you can find lists of the categories of personal information that we collect below.  Please note that because this list is comprehensive it may refer to types of information that we collect and share about people other than yourself.  California residents may also ask Red Robin to describe what categories of personal information (if any) we share with affiliated companies or third parties for their direct marketing purposes, and the names of those companies.  You may receive a copy of this notice by submitting a written request to Red Robin at the addresses listed below in the Communications section below.  We do not discriminate against California residents who exercise any of their rights described in this Privacy Policy. Notice to Canadian Residents. Red Robin, our affiliates and our Canadian, US, and other service providers may process and store your personal information in a country outside of Canada, and the governments, courts, or law enforcement of that country may be able to obtain disclosure of personal information through the laws of the foreign country.  Under the laws of a foreign country, in certain circumstances, Red Robin may be required to provide your personal information in response to a search warrant or other legally valid inquiry or order. Third Party Applications/Websites. We have no control over the privacy practices of websites or applications that we do not own. Communications If you have questions or concerns regarding our privacy practices or any other privacy or security issue, please contact: Red Robin Gourmet Burgers 6312 S. Fiddler's Green Circle Suite 200 North Greenwood Village, CO 80111 Attention: Privacy Officer Telephone: (303)846-6000 If we need, or are required, to contact you concerning any event that involves your information, we may do so by e-mail, telephone, or mail. Changes We may change our Privacy Policy and practices over time, and we reserve the right to modify our Privacy Policy at our discretion at any time.  To the extent our policy changes in a material way, we will notify you by posting a notice on our website homepage and/or by email. *Version:  February 20, 2020 California Information Sharing Disclosure For Red Robin Guests California Civil Code Sections 1798.115(c), 1798.130(a)(5)(c), 1798.130(c), and 1798.140 indicate that organizations should disclose whether the following categories of personal information are collected, transferred for “valuable consideration,” or transferred for an organization’s “business purpose” (as those terms are defined under California law).  The table below indicates the categories of personal information we typically collect and transfer in a variety of contexts.  Please note that because this list is comprehensive, it may refer to types of information that we collect and share about people other than yourself.  For example, while we transfer credit card or debit card numbers for our business purpose in order to process payments for orders placed with us, we do not collect or transfer credit card or debit card numbers of individuals that submit questions through our website’s guest relations page. See Details California Information Sharing Disclosure For Red Robin Team Members California Civil Code Sections 1798.115(c), 1798.130(a)(5)(c), 1798.130(c), and 1798.140 indicate that organizations should disclose whether the following categories of personal information are collected, transferred for “valuable consideration,” or transferred for an organization’s “business purpose” (as those terms are defined under California law).  The table below indicates the categories of personal information we typically collect and transfer in a variety of contexts.  Please note that because this list is comprehensive, it may refer to types of information that we collect and share about people other than yourself.  For example, while we transfer bank account numbers for our business purpose in order to pay those Team Members who utilize direct deposit, we do not collect or transfer bank account numbers of Team Members that do not utilize direct deposit. See Details Site Map Accessibility Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright © 2020 Red Robin International All Rights Reserved Menu items and pricing may vary by location and are subject to change.   