Menu How It Works Pricing Services Corporate Fleet Get the App Privacy Policy Our privacy policy applies to information we collect when you use or access our website, application, or just interact with us. We may change this privacy policy from time to time. Whenever we make changes to this privacy policy, the changes are effective 3 days after we post the revised privacy policy (as indicated by revising the date at the top of our privacy policy). We encourage you to review our privacy policy whenever you access our services to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy. Collection of Information Information You Provide to Us We collect information that you provide directly to us. For example, we collect information when you participate in any interactive features of our services, fill out a form, request customer support, provide any contact or identifying information or otherwise communicate with us. The types of information we may collect include your name, email address, postal address, credit card information and other contact or identifying information you choose to provide. Information We Collect Automatically When You Use the Services When you access or use our services, we automatically collect information about you, including: Log Information: We log information about your use of our services, including the type of browser you use, the type of email client you use, access times, pages viewed, your IP address and the page you visited before navigating to our services. We may also collect information about the time, date, content, sender, and recipient of the emails you send via the Service in order to improve the Service or add additional capabilities. Device Information: We collect information about the computer you use to access our services, including the hardware model, and operating system and version. Client Information: We collect information about the email client you use to access our services. Location Information: We may collect information about the location of your device each time you access or use one of our mobile applications or otherwise consent to the collection of this information. Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies: We use various technologies to collect information, and this may include sending cookies to your computer. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in your device memory that helps us to improve our services and your experience, see which areas and features of our services are popular and count visits. We may also collect information using web beacons (also known as "tracking pixels"). Web beacons are electronic images that may be used in our services or emails and to track count visits or understand usage and campaign effectiveness. For more details about how we collect information, including details about cookies and how to disable them, please see "Your Information Choices" below. Information We Collect From Other Sources In order to provide you with access to the Service, or to provide you with better service in general, we may combine information obtained from other sources (for example, a third-party service whose application you have authorized or used to sign in) and combine that with information we collect through our services. If your vehicle is equipped as a supported Connected Vehicle that allows for remote API access to Remote Vehicle Data, which may include but is not limited to, data provided by General Motors (GM data), Toyota (Toyota Data), Ford (Ford data), Volkswagen (Volkswagen data), and Mercedes (Mercedes Data), you may elect to opt-in to allow Yoshi access to this Remote Vehicle Data. Remote Vehicle Data may include, but is not limited to data concerning a vehicle’s location and a vehicle’s internal gauge and sensor data. Use of Information We use information about you for various purposes, including to: Provide, maintain and improve our services; Provide services you request, process transactions and to send you related information; Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages; Respond to your comments, questions and requests and provide customer service; Communicate with you about news and information related to our service; Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our services; and Personalize and improve our services. By accessing and using our services, you consent to the processing and transfer of your information in and to the United States and other countries. Use of Remote Vehicle Data, including but not limited to, GM data, Toyota Data, Ford data, Volkswagen data, and Mercedes Data is limited to providing Yoshi’s services to the customer. Sharing of Information We may share personal information about you as follows: With third party vendors and other service providers who need access to your information to carry out work on our behalf; If we believe disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request; To enforce applicable user agreements or policies, including our Terms of Service (https://www.startyoshi.com/terms); and to protect us, our users or the public from harm or illegal activities; In connection with any merger, sale of Yoshi, Inc. assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company; and If we notify you through our services (or in our privacy policy) that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information. We may also share aggregated or anonymized information that does not directly identify you. Third Party Analytics We may allow third parties to provide analytics services. These third parties may use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to collect information about your use of the services and other websites, including your IP address, web browser, pages viewed, time spent on pages, links clicked and conversion information. This information may be used by us and third parties to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content and other websites and better understand your online activity. Our privacy policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, third party cookies, web beacons or other tracking technologies and we encourage you to check the privacy policies of these third parties to learn more about their privacy practices. Google Analytics Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en Mixpanel is provided by Mixpanel Inc You can prevent Mixpanel from using your information for analytics purposes by opting-out. To opt-out of Mixpanel service, please visit this page: https://mixpanel.com/optout/ For more information on what type of information Mixpanel collects, please visit the Terms of Use page of Mixpanel: https://mixpanel.com/terms/ Security We take reasonable measures to help protect your information. We want to reduce loss, theft, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, destruction, harassment, and abuse related to our application, but we cannot guarantee complete perfection. When there is clear evidence of any of the above, we will do our best to respond promptly. Children We do not knowingly collect personal information from users under the age of thirteen. Children who are under the age of thirteen do not have permission to use our Service fully, unless they have explicit permission from their guardians to do so. Your Information Choices Cookies Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our services. Promotional Communications You may opt out of receiving any promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations. Your California Privacy Rights California law permits residents of California to request certain details about how their information is shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please contact us at support@startyoshi.com. However, please note that under the law, Services such as ours that permit California residents to opt in to, or opt out of, this type of sharing are not required to provide such information upon receiving a request, but rather may respond by notifying the user of his or her right to prevent the disclosure. To opt out of having information about you shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes, please contact support@startyoshi.com . Changes to This Privacy Policy We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page. Contact Us If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us at: support@startyoshi.com .  Company About Us Contact Us FAQs Drivers Blog Shop About Services How It Works Pricing Corporate Fleet Social Instagram Facebook Twitter YouTube Legal Terms of Service Privacy Policy Keep Moving | © 2020 Yoshi Inc.