Privacy Policy  Last Updated: December 31, 2019  Effective: January 1, 2020  We care about our customers and know that your privacy is important to you. This Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") is our way
  of sharing how we collect your information, why we need it, and how we use it.  Scope of Application  This Privacy Policy applies to your use of our websites and mobile websites (together, the "Site") and our mobile applications
  (together, the "App," and together with the Site, the "Service"). The Service includes websites and mobile applications
  operated by Wayfair LLC and its affiliated brands, including Wayfair.com, Joss & Main, AllModern, Birch Lane and Perigold
  ("Wayfair", "we" or "us"). If you visit another website or mobile application, including another Wayfair
  website or mobile application, the privacy policy of that website or mobile application will apply. Please review the privacy policy of
  that website or mobile application to understand how that website or mobile application operator processes your information.  This Privacy Policy also applies to the information you provide to us after being presented with or directed to this Privacy Policy. This
  could be, for example, when you share your information with our service representatives (e.g. a customer service agent, design professional,
  or an installation or assembly pro) or send us a letter, email or chat.  Before submitting information to the Service, please review this Privacy Policy carefully.  Information We Collect and How We Use Your Information  There are three general categories of information we collect: (1) Information you give to us; (2) Information we automatically
  collect from your use of the Site or the App; (3) Information we collect from third parties.  We use your information in several different ways. What we do with your information depends on when we collect it and what we
  collect.   Information you give to us     Your name and contact details (such as your email address, mailing address, phone number, and password)   Additional profile information (such as date of birth, gender, location, and preferred language)   Your payment information (such as your credit/debit card number, security/CVV code, and expiration date)   Your financing information (such as social security number, date of birth, and income)   Your communications and contact history with us (such as service call recordings, chat and instant messages, or
    communications with our social media channels)   Other information (such as product reviews, forum posts, survey responses, participation in promotions, and other
    user-generated content)       How we use information you give to us    Why we collect it     Registration  We need your name and contact details to create your account. This information is necessary for the adequate performance
      of certain services and offerings on the Site and the App, and to fulfill our contract with you when you place an order.    Accept payment, fulfill orders, provide refunds  We use your name and contact details to fulfill our contract with you and deliver your orders, and we use your payment
      information to process payments and comply with applicable law.    Application for financing solutions offered by financing providers  We collect your financing information on behalf of the financing provider you choose and send the information to that
      financing provider to facilitate your application to financing products.    Sending you account information  We need your name and contact details to deliver important account information to you, such as order confirmations and
      notices, changes to account settings, and notices about the Site, the App, or the terms and policies that apply to them.    To offer an improved user experience  We use your communications and contact history with us, as well as other information such as additional profile information,
      to operate, protect, improve and optimize the Site and the App and to personalize and customize your experience.    Analytics, training and quality assurance  We may use information you provide to us to train our staff, improve our services and offerings, and perform other internal
      analytics and performance monitoring.    Communication, marketing and advertising  We may use information you provide to us to deliver and personalize our communications with you, or to administer referral
      programs, rewards, surveys, sweepstakes, contests or other promotional activities.       Information we automatically collect from your use of the Site or the App     Purchase history and saved items (such as what you bought and what you've placed in your cart or saved)   Log data and device information (such as details about how you've used the Site or the App, IP address,
    access dates and times, hardware and software information, device information, device event information, unique identifiers,
    crash data, cookie data, location data and page/product views or clicks)   Geo-location information (such as IP address, browser information or mobile GPS information)   Cookies and similar technologies (such as web beacons, pixels, and mobile identifiers; to learn more about
    these technologies and how you can control them, see Our Cookie Policy)       How we use information we automatically collect    Why we collect it     To provide customer service and process returns  We use your saved products to help you make a purchase, and we use your purchase history to uphold our contract with you
      and ensure that you've had a great customer experience.    To offer an improved user experience  We use your log data and device information to operate, protect, improve and optimize the Site and the App and to personalize
      and customize your experience.    To create and maintain a secure environment  We use automatically collected information to comply with applicable law and to measure the adequate performance of our
      contract with you.    Analytics, training and quality assurance  We may use automatically collected information to train our staff, perform internal analytics, detect and prevent fraud
      and improve our services and offerings.    Communication, marketing and advertising  We may use automatically collected information such as cookies and similar technologies to provide the most relevant
      advertising to you.       Information we collect from third parties, including third party services (for example if you link,
  connect, or login to the Site or the App with your Google, Facebook, Instagram or Twitter accounts) or other sources
  (such as your contacts or brands we partner with)    Your name and contact details (such as your email address, mailing address, phone number and password)   Social media handles (such as your Twitter or Instagram handle)   Other information (such as demographic data, fraud detection information and information about you and
    your activities, experiences and interactions on and off the Site and the App)       How we use information from third parties    Why we collect it     Registration and profile  We will use information from third party services if you register with us using another service, such as Facebook
      or Google, including Google’s one-tap login service. Connecting to third-party applications or services is
      optional. If you create your account by connecting through another service, we will collect public information from
      that connected account to help complete your profile.    Communication, marketing and advertising  We may use information we collect or receive from third parties to deliver and personalize our communications with you,
      or to administer referral programs, rewards, surveys, sweepstakes, contests or other promotional activities.    Non-member referrals  We may obtain your information from a friend or other contact who wants to invite you to use the Site or App. We will use
      your information to facilitate your invitation and administer our referral program.    To create and maintain a secure environment  We may obtain your information from third party service providers and/or partners (e.g. identity verification services)
      and combine it with information we have about you for fraud prevention and risk assessment efforts.     When We Share Your Information  We share your information with the following categories of recipients as an essential part of being able to provide the Site,
  the App, the Service and related services and offerings, including customer service, to you:   Wayfair Inc. subsidiaries and affiliates. Wayfair subsidiaries include CastleGate Logistics Inc. and SK Retail, Inc.  Companies and individuals that help us deliver our products to you, such as suppliers, payment service providers, logistics
    professionals, and delivery and freight companies.  Professional service providers who help us run our business, such as marketing companies, software vendors, consultants,
    and advertising partners.  Companies approved by you, such as social media sites (if you choose to link your accounts to us) and payment processors or
    financing providers and card issuing banks if you choose to use their services or offerings.  Government and law enforcement agencies, to (i) comply with a legal process, subpoena, order, or other legal or regulatory
    requirement; (ii) enforce our Terms of Use or other policies; or (iii) pursue available legal remedies or defend legal claims.   We share your information with third parties only as described in this Privacy Policy, with your consent, or as disclosed at
  the time we collect your information. We may anonymize your information and share such anonymized information with third parties
  for any purpose permitted by applicable laws.  Financing Providers  If you chose to apply for a financing product offered by a financing provider, we collect some of your financing information on
  behalf of that provider. Once you have completed the application form, we send the data to the financing provider and delete it
  immediately from our systems, except for information we need to keep in order to provide services to you. We will not use your
  financing information for any other purpose.  Our Cookie Policy  We use cookies when you visit our Site and App to analyze traffic, optimize performance and content and to provide an integrated
  and more personalized shopping experience for customers. Cookies are small text files that are stored by your Internet browser on
  your computer. While our cookies may change from time to time, we generally use the following types of cookies:    Functionality cookies, which allow you to navigate the site and use our features.   Analytics cookies, which allow us to measure, analyze and understand how our customers use the Site and to
    identify ways to improve both its functionality and your shopping experience. For example, we use Google Analytics to help us
    evaluate your use of the Site, to compile reports on website activity, and to provide other services related to website activity
    and internet usage. To learn how Google Analytics collects and processes data, please visit: “How Google uses information
    from sites or apps that use our services” located at www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners .   Customer preference cookies, which help us remember your preferences (like your language or location) and make
    your experience more personalized to you.   Targeting or advertising cookies, which allow us to deliver digital ads relevant to you. These types of cookies
    also limit the number of times that you see an ad and help us measure the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. We use cookies
    to help us identify and retarget users who may be interested in our products, services or offerings both on our Site and on third
    party websites. For example, we use proprietary technology to specifically target users by creating advertising material based on
    the users' previous behavior. To disable interest-based ads, please see Direct Marketing and Behavioral Advertising below.   You can prevent the use of cookies by changing the settings in your web browser so that (i) it does not accept new cookies, (ii) it
  informs you about new cookies, or (iii) it deletes all already received cookies. By deleting or disabling future cookies, your user
  experience may be affected and you might not be able to take advantage of certain functions of our Site (such as storing items in
  your Cart between visits, customizing your website experience, and making marketing messages more relevant).  We also use web beacons to help us identify your computer and evaluate user behavior, such as reactions to promotions. Web beacons
  are small GIF files that can be embedded in other graphics, emails, or similar. To prevent web beacons on our site, you can use
  tools such as AdBlock Plus. To prevent web beacons in emails, please set your mail program so that no HTML is displayed in messages.  Direct Marketing and Behavioral Advertising  We may directly send you marketing communications and materials by email, postal mail and other channels to keep you informed of
  new products, promotions, and to provide other information we think may be of interest to you. You can stop receiving direct
  marketing messages from us at any time through your preferences here or by clicking any "unsubscribe" link in any marketing message you receive from us. Please note that it may take
  up to 48 hours to process your request and update our systems. Note that if you request that we stop sending you marketing messages,
  we will continue to send you administrative and service communications (such as order updates and other important or transactional
  information).  Please note that if you use more than one name or email address when communicating with Wayfair or using the Site of App, you may
  continue to receive communications from us to any name or email address not specified in your opt-out request.  We may also display tailored interest-based advertising on both Wayfair-owned and operated sites and unaffiliated sites.
  Interest-based ads, also sometimes referred to as personalized or targeted ads, are displayed to you based on information from
  activities such as purchasing on our sites, visiting sites that contain Wayfair content or ads, interacting with Wayfair tools,
  or using our payment services. We do this using a variety of digital marketing networks and ad exchanges, and we use a range of
  advertising technologies like web beacons, pixels, ad tags, cookies, and mobile identifiers, as well as specific services offered
  by some sites and social networks, such as Facebook's Custom Audience service.  We offer you choices about receiving interest-based ads from us. You can opt-out of certain interest-based ads that use our
  cookies by clicking here .
  You can also opt-out of receiving some third-party interest-based ads, or learn more about behavioral advertising, by visiting www.aboutads.info/choices or www.networkadvertising.org/choices .
  Please note that if you opt out of behavioral advertising, you will still see advertisements - they will just not be
  tailored to your interests. Also note that deleting browser cookies can remove the cookie preferences you have made, so you
  may need to opt-out again in the future.  Blogs, Reviews and Forums  The Service also may from time to time offer publicly-accessible blogs, reviews or forums. Any information you provide in
  these areas may be read, collected and used by others who access them. To request removal of your information from blogs,
  customer reviews or forums, please contact us here .
  Please note that in some cases we may be unable to remove your information.  Our Security Measures  The security of your information is important to us. We use appropriate technical and organizational safeguards to protect
  your information from unauthorized use, disclosure, and loss. Encryption technology, including current industry-standard
  encryption protocols, is used to protect personal information in certain areas of our websites during transmission across
  the Internet. We use a PCI-compliant payment service provider over a secured network. If you have questions about the security
  of your information, please contact us here .  We encourage you to take reasonable measures to protect your password and your computer to prevent unauthorized access to your
  account. Remember to sign out of your account and close your browser window if you are using a shared computer in a public place
  such as a library or an Internet cafe.  Keeping Your Information  We will keep your information for as long as you have an account or as long as we need it to fulfill the purpose for which it
  was collected or disclosed to you at the time of collection. We may also keep some of your information as required to meet legal
  or regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, prevent fraud or abuse, enforce our Terms of Use, or for other permissible purposes.  When we no longer have a need to keep your information, we will either delete it from our systems or anonymize it so that it no
  longer identifies you.  Children's Privacy  The Site, App and Service are not directed to children, and we do not knowingly collect information from children under 13. If
  you are a parent or guardian and believe that we have information about your child, please contact us here . To learn
  more about how to protect your child online, visit the FTC’s www.OnGuardOnline.gov .  Information for Visitors from California and Outside of the United States  Privacy Rights for California Residents  This privacy policy describes the categories of personal information we collect from you, the methods and business purposes of
  collecting such personal information, the categories of third parties with whom we may share it, and the rights you have regarding
  the personal information. California residents have the right to request that Wayfair disclose what personal information it collects,
  uses, discloses or sells. Wayfair does not sell your personal information to third parties without your prior consent. California residents also have the right to request the deletion of their personal information collected or maintained by Wayfair.
  If you wish to make a request for information or to delete your account, or for any questions about our privacy practices and compliance
  with California law, please contact us here or via email at DataProtectionOfficer@wayfair.com . You can also
  designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. Prior to responding to your request, we will verify your identity by
  matching any requested identifying information you provide against the information we have about you. We will not subject you to
  discriminatory treatment as a result of your choice to exercise your privacy rights.  Right to Removal of Posted Information--California Minors  If you are under 18 years of age, reside in California, and have a registered account with Wayfair, you have the right to request removal
  of unwanted information that you publicly post on the Service. To request removal of such information, you can contact Wayfair as provided
  below. Upon receiving such a request, Wayfair will make sure that the information is not publicly available on the Service, but the
  information may not be completely or comprehensively removed from our systems and databases.  Visitors from Outside of the United States  The Service is hosted in the United States. If you are visiting the Service from outside the United States, your information may be
  transferred to, stored and processed in the United States in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable US laws. Please note
  that data protection and other applicable laws of the United States may not be as comprehensive as those laws or regulations in your
  country or may otherwise differ from the data protection or consumer protection laws in your country. By using the Service, you
  consent to transfer of your information to our facilities as described in this Privacy Policy.  Changes to this Privacy Policy  We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect new ways that we process your information. When we post modifications
  to this Privacy Policy, we will revise the "Last Updated" date at the top of this page. The modified Privacy Policy will
  be effective immediately upon posting on the Service. If we make significant changes that affect your information, we will provide
  you notice of such changes through the Site, the App, by email, or some other means of contact. We encourage you to periodically
  review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.  How to Contact Us  We always want to hear from our customers - especially with questions, comments or concerns about our privacy practices. Please
  don't hesitate to contact us here or in writing at:  Wayfair LLC Attention: Legal Department 4 Copley Place Boston, MA 02116    Terms of Use  Last Updated: January 10, 2019  Welcome to Wayfair!  Wayfair LLC and its affiliated brands, including Wayfair.com, Joss & Main,
  AllModern, Birch Lane and Perigold (
    "Wayfair", "we" or "us")
  provides this and other websites (including
  applications and other online services that are accessible through various desktop, tablet and mobile web browsers from time to time)
  (collectively,
  " Sites ") subject to your compliance with these Terms of Use.   PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE SITES. These Terms of Use constitute an agreement between Wayfair and you. We recommend that you print out a copy of
  these Terms of Use for your records.  By using the Sites, you affirm that you are able and legally competent to agree to and comply with these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use
  or if you are not legally competent to agree to them, then you may not use the Sites.  Please note that these Terms of Use contain provisions that govern the resolution of claims between Wayfair and you.
  Please see the Legal Disputes section for complete details.  Privacy & Security   Please review our Privacy Policy ,
  which is incorporated into these Terms of Use and also governs your use of the Sites. To the extent there is a conflict between the terms
  of the Privacy Policy and these Terms of Use,
  the Terms of Use govern.  Information security is important to Wayfair. We have established appropriate physical, electronic and managerial
  safeguards to protect the information that we
  collect from or about our users. Wayfair does, however, reserve the right at all times to disclose any information
  as Wayfair deems necessary to
  satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request.  Please click here for more information.  Changes  Wayfair reserves the right, at any time, to change these Terms of Use, our Privacy Policy and/or the Sites. Your use of the Sites
  following any such change constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by the Terms of Use and/or Privacy Policy as revised.
  The revised Terms of Use and/or Privacy Policy
  supersede all previous versions, notices or statements regarding the Sites. If we request, you agree to sign a non-electronic version of these Terms of Use.  We will notify you of any change to these Terms of Use by updating the " Last Updated " date at the top of this webpage.  Intellectual Property Rights  The Sites contain valuable trademarks and service marks owned and used by Wayfair, including
  but not limited to, Wayfair, the Wayfair design logo, Joss & Main, AllModern, Birch Lane, Perigold, and the tag line "a zillion things home"
  (collectively, the " Wayfair Marks "). Any use of the Wayfair Marks without the prior written permission of Wayfair  is strictly prohibited. The arrangement and layout of the Sites, including but not limited to, the Wayfair Marks, images, text, graphics, buttons, screenshots, music,
  digitally downloadable files, and other content or material (collectively, the " Site Content "), are the sole and exclusive property of Wayfair.  UNAUTHORIZED COPYING, REPRODUCTION, MODIFYING, REPUBLISHING, UPLOADING, DOWNLOADING, POSTING, TRANSMITTING, MAKING DERIVATIVE WORKS OF OR DUPLICATING ALL OR
  ANY PART OF THE SITES IS PROHIBITED.  Wayfair uses a network of independent product and content suppliers, distributors and other such third parties to supply some of the products
  and content advertised on the Sites. All other trademarks, service marks, product names, package designs and company names or logos associated with these product
  and content suppliers, distributors and other such third parties that are not owned by us but appear on the Sites are the property of their respective owners.  For claims of copyright infringement, please see our Copyright Policy .   User-Generated Content  From time to time, the Sites permit the submission of content, such as comments, blogs and product reviews, generated
  by you and other users (" User Content ").  You are solely responsible for your own User Content and the consequences of posting or publishing it. Any User Content or other material, information or ideas
  that you submit to or post or publish on the Sites is non-confidential and non-proprietary.  By submitting User Content, you represent and warrant to Wayfair that: (i) your User Content does not violate any copyright, trademark, trade secret,
  patent or other intellectual property right, any right of privacy or publicity of any third party or any applicable law, rule or regulation, (ii) you own or have the
  legal right to use and authorize Wayfair to use your User Content, including written consent to use of any product or the name, voice, likeness or any
  other applicable personal rights of each identifiable person featured or referenced in your User Content and (iii) your User Content does not violate
  Wayfair's Acceptable Use Policy set forth below.  As between you and Wayfair, you will retain all of your ownership rights in and to your User Content. By submitting User Content to Wayfair,
  you hereby grant to Wayfair a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, irrevocable, royalty-free, sublicensable (through multiple tiers) and transferable
  right and license to use, reproduce, distribute, edit, modify, translate, reformat, prepare derivative works based upon, display publicly, perform publicly and otherwise
  exploit (including but not limited to over the Internet, broadcast television or any other uses or media) your User Content, in whole or in part, including future rights
  that Wayfair (or its successor) may otherwise become entitled to that do not yet exist, as well as new uses, media, means and forms of exploitation
  throughout the universe exploiting current or future technology yet to be developed. You also hereby grant each user
  of the Sites a non-exclusive license to access your User Content through the Sites and to use, access, watch, reproduce, distribute, transmit, forward, display and
  perform such User Content in whole or in part, to the extent permitted by the Sites under these Terms of Use.  Wayfair does not endorse any User Content or any opinion, recommendation, or advice expressed therein. Wayfair reserves the right but
  is not obligated to monitor User Content or other content sent to or through the Sites. Wayfair has the right to refuse, remove, edit or delete any User Content
  and/or to terminate any user's access to the Sites for any reason. Wayfair takes no responsibility for User Content.  Social Media Tag Usage  BY USING #WAYFAIRATHOME, @WAYFAIR AND ANY OTHER SIMILAR SOCIAL MEDIA TAG IN ANY WAY RELATED TO ANY OF THE SITES, EACH USER AGREES TO PROVIDE WAYFAIR WITH AN UNRESTRICTED, IRREVOCABLE, ROYALTY-FREE, PERPETUAL, FULLY PAID-UP,
  TRANSFERABLE, WORLDWIDE LICENSE TO USE THE UPLOADED IMAGE(S) IN ANY AND ALL MARKETING MATERIALS, ON SPONSOR’S WEBSITES, AND THROUGH ALL SOCIAL MEDIA CHANNELS.
  EACH USER REPRESENTS AND WARRANTS THAT UPLOADED IMAGES DO NOT INFRINGE THE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF ANY THIRD PARTY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, COPYRIGHTS AND TRADEMARK RIGHTS.  Acceptable Use Policy  By submitting User Content and otherwise using the Sites, you agree not to: (i) submit any User Content that is protected by or
  otherwise subject to any third party intellectual property or proprietary rights (including any privacy and publicity rights) unless you own or have permission from the rightful
  owner of such rights to post such User Content and to grant Wayfair all of the rights granted herein; (ii) upload, post, e-mail or otherwise transmit any
  content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, hateful or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable;
  (iii) use the Sites to harm any person or entity, including Wayfair; (iv) impersonate any person or entity, including but not limited to, a representative
  of Wayfair, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity; (v) forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order
  to disguise the origin of any content transmitted to or through the Sites; (vi) upload, post, e-mail or otherwise transmit any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising,
  promotional materials, junk mail or any other form of solicitation; (vii) upload, post, e-mail or otherwise transmit any content that contains computer viruses or other
  computer code, files or programs that interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of the Sites or any other computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment;
  (viii) intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national or international laws, rules or regulations, including but not limited to those promulgated
  by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission; (ix) collect, store or use personal information about other users of the Sites without their consent;
  (x) use the Sites (including through submission of User Content) to disparage or make unsubstantiated claims about any person, third party or its/their products or services;
  (y) use any of the Sites in any manner that could overburden or impair any of the Sites or the networks or systems connected to the Sites; and/or
  (z) use any device, software or instrumentality to interfere with the proper working of the Sites or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks
  connected to the Sites.  You also agree that you will not violate or attempt to violate the security of the Sites. Violations of system or network security may result in civil or criminal liability.
  Wayfair reserves the right to investigate occurrences which may involve such violations and may involve and cooperate with, law enforcement authorities in
  prosecuting users who have participated in such violations.  Order Acceptance  The receipt of an order number or an email order confirmation does not constitute the acceptance of an
  order or a confirmation of an offer to sell. Wayfair reserves the right, without prior
  notification, to limit the order quantity on any item and/or to refuse service to any customer. Verification of information may be required
  prior to the acceptance of an order. Prices and availability of products on the Sites are subject to change without notice. Errors will be
  corrected when discovered and Wayfair reserves the right to revoke any stated offer and to
  correct any error, inaccuracy, or omission (including after an order has been submitted). Certain orders constitute improper use of
  the Sites and the Wayfair    Rewards Program described below.
    Wayfair reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to refuse or cancel any order for any
  reason. Your account may also be restricted or terminated for any reason, at Wayfair's sole discretion. Items purchased pursuant to a
  quantity discount may be re-priced upon cancellation.  About Our Prices  Where a product listing on our Site references a higher price, typically denoted by a strikethrough (e.g. " $549 "), such
  higher price represents the retail price suggested by the manufacturer or supplier. In the absence of a price suggested by the manufacturer or
  supplier, this price represents the highest price at which we offered or sold the product at some point in the past. For “Flash Deals”, where a product is temporarily being sold at a reduced price, an additional strikethrough price is presented that represents a recent previous price before the Flash Deal promotion.
    For members of the MyWay Program, if such higher price is accompanied by the MyWay logo, such price represents the offer price before applying MyWay Program benefits.
    The "Sale" tag on a product
  listing on our Site signifies that we are selling the product at a discount from a price in the previous 90 days.  When we use the term “Closeout,” we mean either that the product has been permanently
  reduced and will not return to the original price or that the product is temporarily being sold at a
  reduced price in order to clear an overstock of either Wayfair or supplier inventory. Prices of
  products listed on our Site as “Closeout” may fluctuate during the “Closeout” promotion period
  for such products. For temporary “Closeout” pricing, such products may return to prices that are
  equal to or greater than their original prices upon expiration of the applicable “Closeout”
  promotion period.  Wayfair Rewards Program  The Wayfair Rewards Program (the " Rewards Program ")
    is exclusively for users of the Sites who have registered for the Rewards Program in accordance with the directions set forth below and on the Sites.
    Rewards Dollars may be applied to future purchases at the Participating Sites in accordance with these Terms of Use.
    Please click here for complete
    Rewards Program details, as may be in effect from time to time and which are incorporated herein by reference.  Links to Other Websites  The Sites may contain links to third-party websites (" Other Sites ") that are not
  under Wayfair's control. Wayfair makes no claim and accepts no responsibility regarding the quality, nature or
  reliability of the Other Sites that are accessible by hyperlinks from the Sites or link to the Sites. Wayfair provides these
  links to you as a convenience and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Wayfair of Other Sites or any
  association with the operators of such Other Sites. You are responsible for viewing and abiding by the privacy statements and terms of use posted
  at any third-party sites.  Mobile Devices and Mobile Applications  If you use a mobile device to access pages of the Sites optimized for mobile-viewing, opt in to receive SMS (text messages) from Wayfair  (as/when available), or use a mobile application, the following
  additional terms and conditions (" Mobile Terms ") also apply to you. Your access to the Sites via your mobile device or use of a
  mobile application confirms your agreement to these Mobile Terms, as well as the rest of the Terms of Use.  By opting in, you agree to receive promotional SMS text messages on your mobile device. Your consent is not required as a condition of purchasing any
  goods or services from Wayfair. By agreeing to receive SMS messages from Wayfair, you certify that you are over 18 years of age and (a) you are the
  mobile account holder or (b) you have the account holder’s permission to enroll the designated mobile phone number and can incur any mobile message
  or data charges. You agree that you are solely responsible for all message and data charges that apply to use of your mobile device to access the Sites
  or use of a mobile application. All such charges are billed by and payable to your mobile service provider. Please contact your participating mobile
  service provider for pricing plans, participation status and details. You understand that wireless through Wi-Fi or a participating mobile service
  provider may not be available in all areas at all times and may be affected by product, software, coverage or other service changes made by your mobile
  service provider or otherwise. Additional terms and conditions may apply to your use of a mobile application, based on the type of mobile device on
  which you install and use the mobile application.  Notice to California Residents  California Proposition 65 requires that special warnings be provided
  when products contain chemicals known by the State of California to cause cancer, birth defects, or other reproductive harm if the use of
  those products may cause exposure to those chemicals above specific limits. These warnings relate to some but not all tools, lead crystal
  glassware, ceramic tableware, tiffany style lamps, and electrical cords. Please call us prior to ordering if you have any questions
  regarding the safety of these products.  Pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1789.3, Wayfair provides users of the Sites with the following notice:
  You may report complaints to the Consumer Information Division of the California Department of Consumer Affairs in writing at 1625
  North Market Blvd., Suite N 112, Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at 800-952-5210.  Communications with Wayfair  For all communications made to or with Wayfair,
  including but not limited to feedback, questions, comments, suggestions and the like: (i) you will have no right to confidentiality
  in your communications and Wayfair will have no obligation to protect your communications from disclosure;
  (ii) Wayfair will be free to reproduce, use, disclose and distribute your communications to others without limitation;
  and (iii) Wayfair will be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, content or techniques contained in your communications
  for any purpose whatsoever, including, but not limited to, the development, production and marketing of products and services that
  incorporate such information.  Indemnity  You agree to indemnify and hold Wayfair and its agents and licensors harmless from any claim
  or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of
  (i) your use of the Sites, including any User Content you submit, post to or transmit through the
  Sites, (ii) your violation of these Terms of Use or (iii) your violation of any rights of another
  user.  Disclaimer of Warranties  Wayfair intends for the information and data contained in the Sites to be accurate and reliable
  but since the information and data have been compiled from a variety of sources, they are
  provided ‘AS IS’ and “AS AVAILABLE”. You expressly agree that your use of the Sites and
  any information contained therein is at your sole risk. Accordingly, to the extent permitted by
  applicable law, WAYFAIR EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND
  CONDITIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED
  WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, ACCURACY,
  MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND ANY
  WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS THAT MAY ARISE FROM COURSE OF DEALING,
  COURSE OF PERFORMANCE OR USAGE OF TRADE. Some jurisdictions do not allow the
  disclaimer of warranties or conditions so such disclaimers may not apply to you.  Limitation on Liability  IN NO EVENT WILL WAYFAIR OR ITS OFFICERS, MANAGERS, MEMBERS,
  EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUCCESSORS, SUBSIDIARIES, DISTRIBUTORS, AFFILIATES
  OR THIRD PARTIES PROVIDING INFORMATION ON THIS SITE OR VIA OTHER
  CHANNELS, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO PHONE AND EMAIL, BE LIABLE TO
  ANY USER OF THE SITES OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FOR ANY DIRECT,
  INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY
  DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS,
  LOSS OF DATA OR LOSS OF USE) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE
  THE SITES OR ANY INFORMATION CONTAINED THEREIN, INCLUDING USER
  CONTENT, WHETHER BASED UPON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR
  OTHERWISE, EVEN IF WAYFAIR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF OR SHOULD HAVE
  KNOWN OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR LOSSES.  You hereby acknowledge that the preceding limitation on liability will apply to all content,
  merchandise and services available through the Sites or other channels. Because some
  jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental
  damages, in such jurisdictions liability is limited to the fullest extent permitted by law.
  Regardless of the previous paragraphs, if Wayfair is found to be liable, our liability to you or to
  any third party is limited to the greater of (a) the amount in dispute not to exceed the total
  amount which you paid to us in the twelve (12) months prior to the action giving rise to the
  liability or (b) USD $100.  Legal Disputes   YOU AND Wayfair AGREE TO GIVE UP ANY RIGHTS TO LITIGATE CLAIMS IN A COURT OR BEFORE A JURY OR TO
  PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION WITH RESPECT TO A CLAIM. OTHER RIGHTS THAT YOU WOULD HAVE IF YOU WENT TO COURT,
  SUCH AS ACCESS TO DISCOVERY, ALSO MAY BE UNAVAILABLE OR LIMITED IN ARBITRATION.   Any dispute between you and Wayfair, its agents, employees, officers, directors, principals, successors, assigns, subsidiaries
  or affiliates (collectively for purposes of this section, ' Wayfair ') arising from or relating to these Terms
  of Use and their interpretation or the breach, termination or validity thereof, the relationships which result from these Terms of Use, including
  disputes about the validity, scope or enforceability of this arbitration provision (collectively, " Covered Disputes ") will be settled by binding
  arbitration. Prior to initiating any arbitration, the initiating party will give the other party at least 60-days' advanced
  written notice of its intent to file for arbitration. Wayfair will provide such notice by e-mail to your e-mail address on file with
  Wayfair and you must provide such notice by e-mail to legal@wayfair.com.  During such 60-day notice period, the parties will endeavor to settle amicably by mutual discussions any Covered Disputes. Failing such amicable settlement
  and expiration of the notice period, either party may initiate arbitration. The arbitrator will conduct any arbitration proceedings by telephone or
  videoconference unless in-person appearances are requested by you or Wayfair and approved by the arbitrator. Any in-person appearances will be held at a location
  mutually agreed upon by you and Wayfair, or, in the absence of such agreement, at a location determined by the arbitrator. The arbitrator will have the power
  to grant whatever relief would be available in court under law or in equity and any award of the arbitrator(s) will be final and binding on each of the parties
  and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. Arbitrator will apply applicable law and the provisions of these Terms of Use and
  the failure to do so will be deemed an excess of arbitral authority and grounds for judicial review. Wayfair and you agree that any Covered Dispute hereunder
  will be submitted to arbitration on an individual basis only. Neither Wayfair nor you are entitled to arbitrate any Covered Dispute as a class, representative
  or private attorney action and the arbitrator(s) will have no authority to proceed on a class, representative or private attorney general basis. If any provision
  of the agreement to arbitrate in this section is found illegal or unenforceable, the remaining arbitration terms shall continue to be fully valid, binding, and
  enforceable (but in no case will there be a class, representative or private attorney general arbitration). These Terms of Use and related transactions will be
  subject to and governed by the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. sec. 1-16 (FAA) and, where otherwise applicable, by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.  Termination  Your ability to access and use the Sites remains in effect until terminated in accordance with these Terms of Use. You agree that Wayfair,
  in its sole discretion, may terminate your account and your use of the Sites and may remove and delete your User Content if Wayfair believes
  that you have violated or acted inconsistently with these Terms of Use or for any other reason. Wayfair also may in its sole discretion
  and at any time discontinue providing the Sites, or any part thereof, with or without notice. You agree that any termination of your access to the Sites
  may be effected without prior notice and you acknowledge and agree that Wayfair may bar any further access to the Sites. Further, you
  agree that Wayfair will not be liable to you or any third-party for any termination of access to the Sites.  For instructions for deleting your account, please see the "Registering for the Service" section of our Privacy Policy.  The provisions of the Intellectual Property Rights, User-Generated Content, Acceptable Use Policy, Disclaimer of Warranties, Indemnity, Limitation of Liability,
  Legal Dispute sections, together with and any other rights and obligations which by their nature are reasonably intended to survive such termination, will
  survive any termination of these Terms of Use.  Right to Access   YOU MUST BE AT LEAST AGE 13 TO USE THE SITES. By using the Sites, you affirm that you are over age 13. If you are under age 13,
  you may not access or use the Sites.  IF YOU ARE A PARENT OR GUARDIAN THAT PROVIDES CONSENT TO YOUR TEENAGER'S REGISTRATION WITH AND USE OF THE SITES, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS
  IN RESPECT OF SUCH TEENAGER'S USE OF THE SITES.  Outages  Wayfair periodically schedules system downtime for the Sites for maintenance and other purposes. Unplanned system outages also may occur.
  You agree that Wayfair has no responsibility and is not liable for: (a) the unavailability of any of the Sites; (b) any loss of data,
  information or materials caused by such system outages; (c) the resultant delay, mis-delivery or non-delivery of data, information or materials caused by
  such system outages; or (d) any outages caused by any third parties, including without limitation any companies or servers hosting any of the Sites, any
  Internet service providers or otherwise.  Jurisdictional Issues  The Sites are operated by Wayfair from its offices in Boston, Massachusetts, USA. The Sites are intended for users who reside in the United States of America.
  Wayfair makes no representations or warranties that the Sites or any materials contained in them are valid, appropriate or available for use outside of the
  United States. If you access and use the Sites outside the United States, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws.
  Wayfair reserves the right to limit the availability of the Sites and/or the provision of any service, program or other product described thereon to any person,
  geographic area or jurisdiction, at any time and in our sole discretion. Any software on the Sites is subject to United States export controls and may not be
  downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported: (a) into (or to a national or resident of) Cuba, Iraq, Libya, North Korea, Iran, Syria or any other
  country to which the United States has embargoed goods or which is subject to other applicable U.S. trade sanctions; or (b) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury
  Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department's Table of Deny Orders. By downloading or using any software from the Sites,
  you represent and warrant that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any such country or on any such list.  General Information  No waiver of any provision or any breach of this Agreement will constitute a waiver of any other provisions or any other or further breach. In the event
  that any provision of this Agreement is determined to be illegal or unenforceable, the balance of the Agreement shall continue to be fully
  valid, binding, and enforceable. These Terms of Use set forth the entire Agreement between you and Wayfair with respect to use of the Sites and
  supersede any prior agreements between you and Wayfair relating to such subject matter. The Terms are not assignable, transferable or sublicensable
   by you except with Wayfair's prior written consent. No waiver by either party of any breach or default hereunder will be deemed to be a waiver of
   any preceding or subsequent breach or default. No agency, partnership, joint venture, employee-employer or franchiser-franchisee relationship is
   intended or created by these Terms of Use. Any heading, caption or section title contained herein is inserted only as a matter of convenience and in
   no way defines or explains any section or provision hereof. Wayfair's performance of these Terms of Use is subject to existing laws and legal
   process, and nothing contained in these Terms of Use is in derogation of Wayfair's right to comply with governmental, court and law enforcement
   requests or requirements relating to your use of the Sites or information provided to or gathered by Wayfair with respect to such use. A printed
   version of these Terms of Use and of any notices given in electronic form will be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or
    relating to these Terms of Use to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated
    and maintained in printed form. The parties agree that all correspondence relating to these Terms of Use must be written in the English language.  Violations  Please report any violations of these Terms of Use to the system administrator here.   Questions?  If you have questions, comments or complaints about these Terms or the
  Sites, please contact us here. (please reference "Questions about the Sites").    Wayfair’s Copyright Policy  Last Updated: May 17, 2018  This Copyright Policy describes Wayfair's policy of prohibiting any information or materials that
  violate another party's intellectual property rights from appearing
  on www.Wayfair.com, www.AllModern.com, www.JossandMain.com, www.BirchLane.com, www.Perigold.com
  and their related domains (collectively, the " Site ").  The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the " DMCA ") provides recourse for a copyright owner who believes that material appearing on the Internet infringes his,
  her or its rights under U.S. copyright law. Wayfair complies with the DMCA by responding to notices and counter-notices that meet the then-current DMCA requirements.
  Please visit http://www.copyright.gov/ for details about current DMCA requirements.  Notification of Alleged Copyright Infringement  If you believe in good faith that material appearing on the Site infringes your copyright, you (or your agent) may send Wayfair a written notification pursuant to the
  DMCA (a " DMCA Notice "). Your DMCA Notice should be sent to our Copyright Agent (identified below), contain all of the information listed below (and as further set
  forth in 17 U.S.C. § 512(c)(3)) and request that the material be removed or that access to it be blocked. Your DMCA Notice must contain:   1. Identification in sufficient detail of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed. If multiple copyrighted works on the Site are covered by a single notification,
    you may provide a representative list of such works on the Site; however, the representative list must still contain sufficient detail of the copyrighted works so that we can
    identify them; 2. Identification of the URL or other specific location on the Site that contains the material that you claim to be infringing your copyright. You must provide us with reasonably
    sufficient information to enable us to locate the alleged infringing material and comply with your request to remove or deny access to the material; 3. Your name, address, telephone number and email address (if available); 4. The electronic or physical signature of the owner of the copyright or a person authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf; 5. A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material on the Site as you have described in the DMCA Notice is not authorized by the copyright
    owner or its agent or the law; and 6. A statement that you swear under penalty of perjury that the information contained in your notification is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or that you are
    authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  You must submit any notification of an alleged copyright infringement to Wayfair's Copyright Agent by mail or email as set forth below:  Wayfair Copyright Agent Attn: Legal 4 Copley Place, Floor 7 Boston, MA 02116 Email: Email Us . (please reference "Wayfair DMCA Notice")  If you fail to comply with all of the above requirements, your DMCA Notice will not be valid. Please note that you may be liable for damages, including court costs and attorneys'
  fees, if you materially misrepresent that materials on the Site are infringing a copyright.  Counter Notification  If you believe in good faith that your own copyrighted material has been removed from the Site as a result of mistake or misidentification, you may submit a written counter
  notification letter to Wayfair's Copyright Agent pursuant to Sections 512(g)(2) and (3) of the DMCA. To be an effective counter notification under the DMCA,
  your written correspondence must include substantially the following:  1. Identification of the material that has been removed or disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or disabled; 2. A statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the Federal District Court in which your address is located or in Boston, Massachusetts if your address
    is outside the United States; 3. A statement that you will accept service of process from the party that filed the notification of alleged copyright infringement or the party's agent; 4. Your name, address and telephone number; 5. A statement that you swear under penalty of perjury that you have a good faith belief that the material in question was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or
    misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled, or that the material identified by the complaining party has been removed or disabled at the URL or web location
    and will no longer be shown or accessible; and 6. Your physical or electronic signature.  You may submit your counter notification to Wayfair's Copyright Agent by mail or email as set forth below:  Wayfair Copyright Agent Attn: Legal 4 Copley Place, Floor 7 Boston, MA 02116 Email: Email Us . (please reference "Wayfair DMCA Notice")  Upon receipt of a counter notice, Wayfair's Copyright Agent may send a copy of it to the original complaining party informing that party that
  Wayfair may replace the removed content or cease disabling it. Unless the copyright owner files an action seeking a court order against Wayfair,
  the removed content may be replaced or access to it restored by Wayfair.  You acknowledge that if you fail to comply with all of the above requirements, your DMCA counter notification will not be valid. Please note that if you materially misrepresent
  that the disabled or removed content was removed by mistake or misidentification, you may be liable for damages, including costs and attorneys' fees.    Wayfair Professional Program Terms  Last Updated: August 22, 2018  The Wayfair Professional Program (the "Wayfair Professional Program" ) is exclusively for users of the Sites who have enrolled in the Wayfair Professional Program in accordance with the terms hereof ( “Program Members” ).  The Wayfair Professional Program is designed to provide Program Members with additional benefits and exclusive services.  The terms and conditions applicable to the Wayfair Professional Program (the “Wayfair Professional Program Terms” ) are as set forth herein. Wayfair reserves the right, at any time and in its sole discretion, to change the Wayfair Professional Program Terms. When we post material modifications to the Wayfair Professional Program Terms, we will revise the “Last Updated” date at the top of this section. Your use of the Wayfair Professional Program after the posting of any update to the Wayfair Professional Program Terms constitutes your agreement to be bound by such Wayfair Professional Program Terms, as revised. We encourage you to periodically review this section for the latest Wayfair Professional Program Terms. If you object to any update to the Wayfair Professional Program Terms, your sole recourse is to stop using the Wayfair Professional Program. Use of the Sites in connection with the Wayfair Professional Program is subject to Wayfair’s Terms of Use, including, for example, the provisions applicable to User-Generated Content .  Users of the Sites may enroll in the Wayfair Professional Program here . The Program Member shall be the business entity itself, and each User who enrolls a business entity in the Wayfair Professional Program must be authorized to do so on behalf of such entity. Program Members may have multiple authorized user accounts. Each Program Member acknowledges and agrees that each authorized user account shall have access to all information related to such Program Member’s account and that Wayfair shall have no liability in connection therewith.  Program Members can make account changes by calling (844) 403-5086. Wayfair, in its sole discretion, may cancel a Program Member’s account at any time, with immediate effect and without notice, for any reason (including, without limitation, if Wayfair believes such Program Member has violated these Wayfair Professional Program Terms or Wayfair’s Terms of Use). The services and benefits provided through the Wayfair Professional Program are the sole property of Wayfair and are not the property of any Program Member. Upon any cancellation or termination of any Program Member’s account, all services and benefits will be forfeited, and the applicable Program Member will no longer be able to participate in the Wayfair Professional Program unless, in the case of a voluntary account cancellation by a Program Member, such Program Member subsequently re-enrolls in the Wayfair Professional Program. Wayfair may terminate the Wayfair Professional Program at any time and for any reason.    Wayfair Design Services Terms  Last Updated: January 9, 2020  We may from time to time offer or make available interior design services (" Design Services ") to certain of our customers. The general terms and conditions applicable to Design Services are as set forth herein (the “Design Services Terms”). Supplements to the Design Services Terms may also be delivered during the checkout or quote process. Wayfair reserves the right, at any time and in its sole discretion, to change the Design Services Terms.  By using Design Services, you certify that you are at least 18 years of age and acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for your decisions made on or through the Sites in connection with Design Services.  Among other things, our Design Services platform may connect you with third-party interior designers (" Designers ") who will provide Design Services.  Such Designers are independent contractors and not employees of Wayfair, and you acknowledge and agree that Wayfair does not supervise, direct, control, or monitor such Designers, that Wayfair is not responsible for the performance of such Designers, and that Wayfair has no control over the quality, timing, legality, failure to provide, or any other aspect whatsoever of Design Services conducted by such Designers. We make no guarantee that we will be able to match you with a Designer. You can choose to communicate with your designer through chat or text on a secure line, and can unsubscribe from text at any time via your project .  You agree that all services and products associated with design services are provided to you on an "as-is" and "as available" basis. Wayfair does not make, and expressly disclaims, any representations, warranties or guarantees, express or implied, regarding the accuracy, correctness, or completeness of the content and products associated with the design services, or the safety, reliability, title, timeliness, completeness, merchantability, conformity or fitness for a particular purpose of the content or the services and products associated with design services. Wayfair makes no representations that design services shall conform to any specifications, unless otherwise stated. It is your sole responsibility to independently evaluate the accuracy, correctness or completeness of the content and the services and products associated with design services.    MyWay Program Terms  Last Updated: October 8, 2018  The MyWay Program (the " MyWay Program ") is a paid membership program exclusively for users of the Sites who have enrolled in the MyWay Program in accordance with the terms hereof (" Program Members "). The MyWay Program is designed to provide Program Members with additional benefits and exclusive services and savings.  MyWay Program benefits are valid at Wayfair.com, Jossandmain.com, Birchlane.com, and Allmodern.com and certain product and service exclusions may apply.  The terms and conditions applicable to the MyWay Program (the " MyWay Program Terms ") are as set forth herein. Wayfair reserves the right, at any time and in its sole discretion, to change the MyWay Program Terms or discontinue the MyWay Program. When we post material modifications to the MyWay Program Terms, we will revise the "Last Updated" date at the top of this section. Your use of the MyWay Program after the posting of any update to the MyWay Program Terms constitutes your agreement to be bound by such MyWay Program Terms, as revised. We encourage you to periodically review this section for the latest MyWay Program Terms. If you object to any update to the MyWay Program Terms, your sole recourse is to stop using the MyWay Program. Use of the Sites in connection with the MyWay Program is subject to Wayfair's Terms of Use, including, for example, the provisions applicable to User-Generated Content .  The MyWay Program has an annual membership fee (the " Membership Fee ") that is non-refundable. Wayfair may, in its sole and absolute discretion, change the Membership Fee from time to time.  The Membership Fee will renew automatically each year on or about the annual anniversary of your enrollment date (unless otherwise cancelled prior) (the " Renewal Date "). Unless you notify Wayfair that you wish to cancel your membership or that you otherwise do not wish to renew your membership on the Renewal Date, your MyWay Program membership will automatically continue for another year and you understand, and expressly authorize Wayfair (without notice to you, unless required by applicable law) to collect and charge the then-applicable Membership Fee and any applicable taxes using any payment method on file.  If you wish to opt out of auto-renewal, you may do so through My Account at any time.  MyWay Program benefits cannot be used in conjunction with any other promotions or corporate, employee or group discounts, unless specifically stated otherwise in the applicable promotion or discount. Certain products and services may also be excluded from MyWay Program benefits from time to time in Wayfair's sole discretion.  The MyWay Program is for individual consumers only and is not available to any company or business entity. If you are a company or business entity, please refer to details about our Wayfair Professional Program.  Enrollment and participation in the MyWay Program is voluntary, optional and is not required to complete any transaction or sale, including, but not limited to, any credit or debit card transaction.  Wayfair reserves the right, in its sole and absolute discretion, to exclude any individual(s) from the MyWay Program or to terminate the membership of any Program Member at any time, with immediate effect and without notice, for any reason (including, without limitation, if Wayfair believes such Program Member has violated these MyWay Program Terms or Wayfair's Terms of Use). The services and benefits provided through the MyWay Program are the sole property of Wayfair and are not the property of any Program Member. Upon any cancellation or termination of any Program Member's account, all services and benefits will be forfeited, and the applicable Program Member will no longer be able to participate in the MyWay Program. Wayfair may terminate the MyWay Program at any time and for any reason.  Wayfair may offer customers free trial memberships (“Free Trials”) which are subject to these Program Terms. Free Trial eligibility is determined by Wayfair at its sole discretion.  At the end of the Free Trial period, you will be automatically enrolled in the MyWay Program and charged the Membership Fee. You may cancel your membership before the end of the Free Trial period by accessing the My Account page.    Wayfair Rewards Program Terms  The Wayfair Rewards Program (the " Rewards Program ")  is exclusively for users of the Sites who have registered for the Rewards Program in accordance with the directions set forth below and on the Sites. Rewards Dollars may be applied to future purchases at the Sites in accordance with the terms set forth below and our Terms of Use. Please click here for the Program Terms for the Wayfair Card Benefits Program (the "Program Terms"), as may be in effect from time to time and which are incorporated herein by reference. Enrollment in the Rewards Program is automatic with registration at any of the Sites.  Participating Sites   Wayfair.com  AllModern.com  JossandMain.com  BirchLane.com  Perigold.com (Perigold.com is currently participating in the Referral Program and
Product Review Program, but not the Wayfair Card Benefits Program.)   Membership Benefits     Rewards    Rewards Dollars Earned   Members may earn a specified "Rewards Dollars" from  a) Wayfair Card Benefits Program  b) Referral Program  c) Product Review Program     Redemption Period  Three months from date on which Rewards-eligible purchase is made    Membership Fee  None    Wayfair Card Benefits Program  The Wayfair Card Benefits Program is designed to reward customers for making purchases on their Wayfair Card. Refer to the Program Terms for eligibility requirements for the Wayfair Card Benefits Program and for other applicable terms.  Terms used but not defined herein will have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Program Terms.  Eligible Wayfair Card cardholders have the ability to earn Points on Net New Purchases made on the Wayfair Card that can be redeemed for Rewards Dollars later. Certain products may be ineligible for earning points.  "Net New Purchases" means purchases of goods and/or services at the Sites made by you or any Authorized User on your Account minus any returns, refunds, discounts by using Rewards Dollars, credit adjustments, or promotions, rounded to the nearest dollar. Points awarded for purchases that are returned or refunded or otherwise adjusted will be deducted from your Point total. Such deductions may result in a negative Points balance, in which case, any Points you earn will be applied to reduce that balance and you will not be able to redeem Points until you again have a positive balance.  Points will not be awarded for the Rewards Dollars you redeem.  Wayfair reserves the right to increase or decrease the amount of Points earned on Net New Purchases at any time. We may from time to time make special offers for you to earn additional Points on specific purchases. The terms and conditions for such special offers (such as which purchases qualify and the number of additional Points you may earn) will be disclosed at the time of offer. Please check those terms and conditions carefully, as there may be important conditions or limitations (such as blackout periods, point limitations or exclusions). Availability of any special offer is subject to change without notice. Please refer to Program Terms for more information on earning points, and redeeming points for Rewards Dollars.  You are currently eligible to redeem $6 in Rewards Dollars at checkout for every 200 Points you have accumulated. Wayfair reserves the right to increase or decrease the number of Points required to redeem Rewards Dollars. In addition, these amounts may vary by customer or by promotion. Currently, a minimum of 200 or more Points will be required to redeem for Rewards Dollars at checkout. You may redeem your points for the maximum amount of Rewards Dollars for which you are eligible that are of equal or lesser value to the total cost of product and shipping at the time of purchase. To redeem points, select “Redeem” under "Wayfair Card Rewards" at checkout. The corresponding Rewards Dollars amount will display in the Order Total. The redeemed points will be deducted from My Wayfair Card Rewards on your "Account Balance" page in "My Account". Customers can redeem points when making a purchase using any payment method, including a Wayfair Card.  Referral Program  Wayfair's Referral Program is designed to reward existing members ("Sponsors") with Rewards Dollars for referring new members ("Recipients") to Wayfair. All Wayfair brands (Wayfair, Joss & Main, AllModern, Birch Lane, Perigold) are participating in this program and Sponsors can use their Rewards Dollars across all brands. However, Recipients can only apply their discount to the brand the Sponsor referred them to. Referral credit amounts may differ by site. Sponsors can refer as many friends as he or she would like, but will only receive Rewards Dollars for up to 10 successful referrals per month. If a Recipient's qualifying order is cancelled, Rewards Dollars will be voided. Previous purchases are not eligible for Rewards Dollars and Rewards Dollars cannot be applied retroactively. Invitations must be sent to individual recipients. Any attempt to distribute in bulk is grounds for immediate termination of the Sponsor's account and deactivation of their personal referral link. Distribution of Rewards bonuses is subject to moderation in cases of suspected fraud.  Business and Trade Referral Program  Sponsors will only receive their Rewards Dollars after their Recipient has used their unique promo code and their order has shipped. Sponsors will be notified by email when their Rewards Dollars are available for use. Rewards Dollars credited to Sponsors will only be valid for 90 days. If the Recipient does not use the unique promo code within 30 days, it will expire and no longer be valid. Previous purchases are not eligible for Rewards Dollars and Rewards Dollars cannot be applied retroactively. Orders containing Gift Certificate purchases are not eligible. Bulk distribution and distribution to strangers is prohibited. Violation of this is grounds for immediate termination of the Sponsor's account and deactivation of their personal referral link. Distribution of referral promo codes and Rewards Dollars is subject to moderation in cases of suspected fraud.  Product Reviews Program  Wayfair's Product Review Program is designed to rewards existing members to write product review on product purchased on Wayfair.com, AllModern.com and BirchLane.com. Members may be rewarded specified Rewards Dollars or may be offered other benefits for such reviews.  Redemption of Rewards Dollars  Wayfair will post all earned Rewards Dollars on your account within a reasonable amount of time after the confirmed shipment of your qualifying purchase. Rewards Dollars can be only redeemed and applied as a credit against a purchase from one of our participating Sites. Rewards Dollars cannot be used to purchase gift cards, gift certificates, or manufacturer-excluded brands. Rewards Dollars are not redeemable for cash and cannot be returned for a cash refund, except to the extent required by law.  Rewards Dollars will be automatically applied to your purchase at Checkout. If you do not wish to redeem Rewards Dollars at the time of purchase, select "Remove" at Checkout. Rewards Dollars may be combined with Wayfair promo codes, but not with any other Wayfair promotion, offer, or other discount. No credits or refunds will be issued for any reason after Rewards Dollars have been redeemed, including for unused Rewards Dollars, except as described in "Returns" below. Rewards Dollars can be used against product cost and shipping cost only.  For orders with multiple items, Rewards Dollars will be applied across all items proportionally based on the dollar amount. Wayfair may apply other restrictions to or terminate the Reward Program at any time.  Returns  If you return an item that was purchased in whole or in part using Rewards Dollars, the return will be processed in accordance with Wayfair's return and exchange policy. If the return is accepted by Wayfair, the Rewards Dollars applicable to the returned item will be credited back to your account.  Rewards Dollars Balance  You can check your Rewards Dollars balance at any time by logging in at "My Account". A valid email address and password are required to view the Rewards Dollars balance in your account. Wayfair is not liable for any failure, delay or error in crediting Rewards Dollars to an account.  You are responsible for all activity occurring in or through your account, including the redemption of Rewards Dollars, whether or not the activity was authorized.  Expiration  Rewards Dollars not used during the applicable Redemption Period will be forfeited.  You may cancel Rewards Dollars by calling 866-263-8325 and/or sending an email to service@wayfair.com , but members recognized on any of the participating Sites are unable to opt-out of the program.  Non-Transferability and Non-Aggregation of Rewards Dollars  Rewards Dollars and any other right, obligation or benefit of the Rewards Program may not be transferred, assigned, sold, traded or bartered by any member or any other person without Wayfair's prior written consent, which Wayfair may withhold in its sole discretion, and any attempt to do any of the foregoing shall be null and void. In addition, Rewards Dollars are for the member's personal use only. Members may not aggregate Rewards Dollars from multiple accounts or use Rewards Dollars for the purpose of purchasing products from the participating Sites on behalf of others or for the purpose of reselling such products to others.    Wayfair Giveaway Sweepstakes Official Rules   NO PURCHASE NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. A PURCHASE DOES NOT INCREASE YOUR CHANCES OF WINNING. VOID WHERE PROHIBITED. Wayfair Giveaway Sweepstakes ("Promotion") begins each week at 12:00:00 PM Eastern Time ("ET") on Monday and ends at 11:59:59 AM ET on the following
  Monday (the "Promotion Period"). For the avoidance of confusion, each Promotion Period or week is a separate and distinct Promotion.  The computer clock of the Sponsor is the official time-keeping device in the Promotion.    EACH ENTRANT HEREBY REPRESENTS AND WARRANTS THAT SUCH ENTRANT IS AT LEAST 18 YEARS OF AGE AND THAT SUCH ENTRANT HAS READ THESE OFFICIAL
    RULES AND IS FAMILIAR WITH AND AGREES TO ITS CONTENTS. IF ENTRANT IS NOT AT LEAST 18 YEARS OF AGE AND DOES NOT AGREE TO THESE OFFICIAL RULES, DO NOT
    PARTICIPATE IN THIS PROMOTION.    ELIGIBILITY: The Promotion is open only to legal residents of the 50 United States and the District of Columbia (excludes
  Guam, Puerto Rico and all other U.S.
  territories and possessions), who are 18 years of age or older at the time of Promotion registration. Employees, officers and directors of Wayfair, LLC (the "Sponsor"),
  and Sponsor's parent, affiliates, subsidiaries, and advertising, contest, fulfillment and marketing agencies (all of such entities (including, but not limited to,
  the Sponsor) are collectively referred to herein as the, "Promotion Parties"), their immediate families (parent, child, sibling & spouse and their respective spouses,
  regardless of where they reside) and persons living in the same households as such individuals (whether related or not) are not eligible to participate in the Promotion.
  By participating, you agree to these Official Rules and to the decisions of the Sponsor, which are final and binding in all respects. Void where prohibited by law, rule
  or regulation. All applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations apply.   HOW TO ENTER THE SWEEPSTAKES: To enter the Promotion, you must submit your valid email address entry at
  www.wayfair.com/giveaways/  (the "Web Site") by 11:59:59 AM ET on Monday during the Promotion Period.   Limit of one (1) entry per person, per email address during the Promotion Period.    PRIZES, DRAWINGS & ODDS OF WINNING: A total of one (1) prize (the "Prize") will be selected in electronic, randomized
  drawings. The drawing for the Prize (described below) will be held on Monday each week during the Promotion Period. The drawing will be from all eligible entries
  received each day throughout the Promotion Period. The drawing will be conducted by Sponsor, whose decisions are final and binding in all matters relating to this
  Promotion. Odds of winning depend on the number of eligible entries received.   PRIZES: One (1) Prize will be awarded for each Promotion. The Prize will consist of the following:  Home goods product(s).  For example, a Prize may include one or more of the following:  Bedroom, Kitchen, Dining, Bathroom, Living Room or Accent Furniture  Home Entertainment, Home Office, or Game Room Furniture  Home Décor, Home Accents, Rugs, Mirrors  Lighting  Cookware, Bakeware, or Kitchen Appliances  Bedding and Bath products  Patio Furniture and Outdoor Cooking supplies  Home Improvement products  Baby and Kids furniture and products   Prize may include multiple home goods products.   The Approximate Retail Value ("ARV") of the Prize during a Promotion is up to $5,000.00    *For the Prize, the home goods products style, color and size are subject to in-stock availability. Any applicable taxes are the sole responsibility
    of the winner.    WINNER NOTIFICATION: Potential winner will receive Prize notification and prize claim information via email
  within forty-eight (48) hours after the Monday drawing, or as soon thereafter as reasonably practicable. Sponsor is not responsible for any change in entrant's
  telephone number, mailing address, and/or email. Prize won by an eligible entrant who is a minor in his or her state of residence may be awarded to a minor's
  parent or legal guardian who must sign and return all documents. Winner (or winner's parent/legal guardian if winner is a minor) will have seven (7) calendar
  days from time of receipt of winning notification to confirm that the notification has been received in order to claim his/her Prize. A potential winner is
  subject to verification, including verification of age. If such potential winner cannot be contacted within a reasonable time period, if the potential winner
  is ineligible, if any notification is returned undeliverable, or if the potential winner otherwise fails to fully comply with these Official Rules, he/she will
  forfeit that Prize and, if time permits, an alternate winner will be selected from among all remaining entries for that drawing.   GENERAL PRIZE CONDITIONS: Prize will only be awarded by Sponsor upon potential winner's verification of
  eligibility (if requested by Sponsor), and compliance with these Official Rules and final approval by Sponsor. No prize substitution, cash equivalent of Prize,
  transfer or assignment of Prize is permitted, except by Sponsor which reserves the right to substitute a Prize with one of comparable or greater value, in its
  sole discretion. Prize is awarded "as is" with no warranty or guarantee, either express or implied. All Prize details are at Sponsor's sole discretion. Any
  and all warranties and/or guarantees on a Prize (if any) are subject to the respective manufacturers' terms therefore, and winner agrees to look solely to such
  manufacturers for any such warranty and/or guarantee. An unclaimed Prize will not be awarded. All federal, state, local, and other taxes on a Prize and any other
  costs and expenses associated with Prize acceptance and use not specified herein as being provided, are the sole responsibility of the applicable winner. A 1099
  tax form will be issued where required. Notwithstanding anything herein, a potential Prize winner (or potential winner's parent/legal guardian if potential winner
  is a minor) may be required to complete and return an Affidavit of Eligibility and Liability/Publicity Release form within five (5) calendar days of attempted
  delivery of same. Non-compliance within this time period or return of any Prize/Prize notification as undeliverable may result in disqualification. All federal,
  state, municipal, provincial and local laws and regulations apply.   PUBLICITY RELEASE: Except where prohibited or restricted by law and notwithstanding the fact that the winner may
  be required to sign a separate Affidavit of Eligibility and Liability/Publicity Release, winner's (and his/her parent/legal guardian if a winner is a minor)
  acceptance of Prize constitutes winner's agreement and consent for Sponsor to use and/or publish the winner's full name, city and state of residence, Promotion
  entry, and/or statements made by winner regarding the Promotion or Sponsor, winner's voice, photographs and other likeness, worldwide and in perpetuity for any
  and all purposes, including, but not limited to, advertising, trade and/or promotion on behalf of Sponsor, in any and all forms of media, now known or hereafter
  devised, including, but not limited to, print, TV, radio, electronic, cable or World Wide Web, without further limitation, restriction, compensation, notice,
  review or approval.   MISCELLANEOUS: Entrants who do not follow all of the instructions, provide the required information in their
  entry form or the like, or abide by these Official Rules or other instructions of Sponsor may be disqualified. All Promotion entries become the property of
  Sponsor and will not be acknowledged or returned. Online entries will be considered to be entered by the authorized account holder of the e-mail address
  submitted at time of entry and he/she must comply with these Official Rules. The authorized account holder is deemed as the natural person who is assigned
  to an e-mail address by an Internet access provider, online service provider or other organization that is responsible for assigning e-mail addresses for the
  domain associated with the submitted e-mail address.   PRIVACY: Personal information collected by Sponsor will be used for administration of the Promotion and
  awarding of a Prize and for potential research purposes. In addition, by entering, entrants and/or winner (and their parents/legal guardians if entrant/winner
  is a minor) agree to Sponsor's use of entrant's/winner's personal information as described in its Privacy Policy at www.wayfair.com/customerservice/general_info.php#privacy .
  Please refer to Sponsor's privacy policy for important information regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information by Sponsor.   RELEASE: By participating in the Promotion, entrants and winner (and their parent(s)/legal guardian(s) if
  entrants/winner are minors) agree to release, discharge and hold harmless the Promotion Parties from any and all damages whether direct or indirect, which may
  be due to or arise out of participation in the Promotion or any portion thereof, or the acceptance, use/misuse or possession of any Prize (or activity related
  thereto). As a condition of entering the Promotion, entrants and winner (and their parent(s)/legal guardian(s) if entrant/winner is a minor) agree that (1)
  under no circumstances will entrant and/or winner (or their parent(s)/legal guardian(s) if entrant/winner is a minor)  be permitted to obtain awards for, and
  entrant and/or winner (or their parent(s)/legal guardian(s) if entrant/winner is a minor) hereby waives all rights to claim punitive, incidental, consequential
  or any other damages, and any claims, judgments or awards shall be limited to actual out-of-pocket expenses; (2) all causes of action arising out of or connected
  with this Promotion, or any Prize awarded, shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action; and (3) in no event will any entrant
  and/or winner (or their parent(s)/legal guardian(s) if entrant/winner is a minor) be entitled to receive attorneys' fees. BY ENTERING THE PROMOTION, ENTRANTS AND/OR WINNER (AND THEIR PARENT(S)/LEGAL GUARDIAN(S) IF ENTRANT/WINNER IS A MINOR) AGREE TO RELEASE,
    INDEMNIFY AND HOLD HARMLESS PROMOTION PARTIES AND EACH OF THEIR RESPECTIVE PARENT, SUBSIDIARY AND AFFILIATED ENTITIES AS WELL AS THE SUCCESSORS, ASSIGNS AND
    LICENSEES OF EACH AND THE RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, AGENTS, EMPLOYEES, SHAREHOLDERS, CONTRACTORS AND REPRESENTATIVE OF EACH, FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS,
    EXPENSES, DAMAGES, (INCLUDING REASONABLE ATTORNEYS FEES), OR LIABILITY FOR ANY INJURY, LOSS, OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND TO PERSONS (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
    DEATH), AND PROPERTY, WHETHER DIRECT OR INDIRECT, WHICH MAY BE DUE TO OR ARISE OUT OF PARTICIPATION IN THE PROMOTION OR ANY PORTION THEREOF; A BREACH OR
    ALLEGATION WHICH IF TRUE WOULD CONSTITUTE A BREACH OF ANY OF ENTRANT'S AND/OR WINNER'S (AND THEIR PARENT(S)/LEGAL GUARDIAN(S) IF ENTRANT/WINNER IS A MINOR)
    REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES OR OBLIGATIONS HEREIN; OR THE ACCEPTANCE, USE/MISUSE OR POSSESSION OF PRIZE(S), OR ANY PRIZE-RELATED ACTIVITY. ENTRANTS AND/OR
    WINNER (AND THEIR PARENT(S)/LEGAL GUARDIAN(S) IF ENTRANT/WINNER IS A MINOR) WAIVE ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO IMPLIED
    WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.    DISCLAIMER: Promotion Parties are not responsible for printing or typographical errors in these Official Rules
  or in any Promotion-related materials. Sponsor reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to disqualify any individual that tampers with the entry process.
  Sponsor also reserves the right to terminate, suspend, cancel or modify the Promotion and award the Prize for the Promotion from among all eligible, non-suspect
  entries received (i) as of the date of termination or modification, as applicable, using the judging procedure outlined above and (ii) in a random drawing if
  for any reason this Promotion is not capable of running as planned due to any reason, including infection by computer virus, bugs, tampering, fraud, unauthorized
  intervention, technical failures or other causes that may corrupt or impair the integrity, fairness or proper play of the Promotion. Promotion Parties are not
  responsible or liable for any events which may cause errors and/or the Promotion to be stopped, including but not limited to any error, omission, interruption,
  deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, communications line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, or alteration of, entries, nor
  are they responsible for any problems or technical malfunction of any telephone, network or telephone lines, computer on-line systems, servers, or cable,
  satellite, or Internet Service Providers, computer equipment, mobile equipment, software or any other failure of any email or entry to be received by Sponsor on
  account of technical problems, human error or traffic congestion on the Internet or at any web site, or any combination thereof, including any injury or damage
  to entrant's or any other person's computer or mobile device relating to or resulting from participation in this Promotion or downloading any materials in this
  Promotion. Promotion Parties are not responsible for computer, mobile, mechanical, technical, electronic, network or other errors or problems, including any
  errors or problems that may occur in connection with the administration of the Promotion, the processing of entries, or in any other Promotion-related materials.
  The Promotion Parties may stop you from participating in this Promotion if you violate Official Rules or act, in Sponsor's sole discretion: (a) in a manner
  Sponsor determines to be not fair; (b) with an intent to annoy, threaten or harass any other entrant, winner or the Sponsor; or (c) in any other disruptive manner.
  Should more prizes be awarded through a computer, hardware, or software malfunction, error or failure, or for any other reason, in any prize category, than are
  stated for that category in the Official Rules, Sponsor reserves the right to award only the number of prizes stated in the Official Rules for that category. In
  no event will more prizes be awarded than that listed in Rule #3.   CAUTION: ANY ACT OR ATTEMPT BY AN ENTRANT AND/OR WINNER (OR THEIR PARENT(S)/LEGAL GUARDIAN(S) IF ENTRANT/WINNER IS A MINOR)  TO
    DELIBERATELY DAMAGE ANY WEB SITE OR UNDERMINE THE LEGITIMATE OPERATION OF THIS PROMOTION IS A VIOLATION OF CRIMINAL AND CIVIL LAWS. SHOULD SUCH AN ATTEMPT BE MADE,
    PROMOTION PARTIES RESERVE THE RIGHT TO SEEK DAMAGES AND OTHER REMEDIES (INCLUDING ATTORNEYS' FEES) FROM ANY SUCH INDIVIDUAL(S) TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.    CHOICE OF LAW AND JURISDICTION: Except where prohibited, all issues and questions concerning the construction, validity,
  interpretation, and enforceability of these Official Rules, or the rights and obligations of entrants or winner, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with,
  the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law rules or provisions, which might otherwise cause the
  application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Any action seeking legal or equitable relief arising out of or relating to the
  Promotion or these Official Rules shall be brought only in the courts of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Entrants and/or winner (and their parent(s)/legal guardian(s)
  if entrant/winner is a minor) hereby irrevocably consent to the personal jurisdiction of said courts and waive any claim of forum non-convenience or lack of personal
  jurisdiction they may have.   WINNER'S LIST: Entrants are responsible for complying with these Official Rules. To receive the winner's list for a
  specific Promotion, send a self-addressed stamped envelope to: Wayfair.com Giveaway Winner List Request, c/o
  Wayfair LLC, 4 Copley Place, Floor 7, Boston,
  MA 02116. Please reference the dates of the Promotion Period and Prize with your request.   SPONSOR: Wayfair LLC,
  4 Copley Place, Floor 7, Boston, MA 02116    Wayfair Registry Sweepstakes Official Rules    No purchase necessary to enter or win. A purchase does not increase your chances of winning. Void where
      prohibited. The Wayfair Registry Sweepstakes ("Promotion") begins on February 12, 2019 at 12:00:01 AM Eastern Time ("ET") and
    ends at 11:59:59 PM ET on March 11, 2019 (the "Promotion Period") The computer clock of the Sponsor is the official time-keeping device in the Promotion.    Each entrant hereby represents and warrants that he or she is at least 18 years of age and that he or she has read
      these official rules as well as Wayfair's terms of use and is familiar with and agrees to their contents. If you
      are not at least 18 years of age and do not agree to these official rules and Wayfair's terms of use, do not
      participate in this promotion.     Eligibility: The Promotion is open only to legal residents of the 50 United States and the District of Columbia (excludes Guam,
  Puerto Rico and all other U.S. territories and possessions) who are 18 years of age or older at the time of Promotion
  registration. Employees, officers, and directors of Sponsor, and Sponsor's parent, affiliates, subsidiaries, and
  advertising, contest, fulfillment, and marketing agencies (collectively, with the Sponsor, the "Promotion Parties"),
  their immediate families (parent, child, sibling & spouse and their respective spouses, regardless of where they
  reside) and persons living in the same households as such individuals (whether related or not) are not eligible to
  participate in the Promotion. By participating, you agree to these Official Rules and to the decisions of the Sponsor,
  which are final and binding in all respects. Void where prohibited by law, rule or regulation. All applicable federal,
  state and local laws and regulations apply.   How to enter: To enter the Promotion, you must submit your valid e-mail address at www.wayfair.com/registrygiveaway (the “Web Site”) during the
  Promotion Period.   Criteria for winner selection: One winner will be selected for the Promotion Period in an electronic, randomized drawing. The drawing will be held
  the week of March 11, 2019, following the conclusion of the Promotion Period. The drawing will be made from all
  eligible e-mail addresses received during the Promotion Period.  The drawing will be conducted by Sponsor, whose
  decisions are final and binding in all matters relating to the Promotion.   Prizes:  One (1) Wayfair gift card valued at one thousand dollars (USD $1,000.00)    Winner Notification: The potential winner will receive a Prize notification and Prize claim information via email within forty-eight (48)
  hours of the drawing, or as soon thereafter as reasonably practicable. Sponsor is not responsible for any change in an
  entrant's telephone number, mailing address, and/or email resulting in non-delivery of a Prize notification. The
  potential winner will have seven (7) calendar days from the time of receipt of the winning notification to confirm
  that the notification has been received in order to claim the Prize. A potential winner is subject to verification, including verification of age. If a potential winner cannot be
  contacted within a reasonable time period , if the potential winner is ineligible, if any notification is
  returned undeliverable, or if the potential winner otherwise fails to fully comply with these Official Rules, he or
  she will forfeit the Prize and a new winner will be selected.   General Prize Conditions: The Prize will only be awarded by Sponsor upon a potential winner's verification of eligibility (if requested by
  Sponsor), and compliance with these Official Rules and final approval by Sponsor. The Prize shall be subject to the
  Wayfair Gift Card Terms and Conditions located at https://www.wayfair.com/customerservice/general_info.php#gcterms . No prize substitution, cash equivalent of the Prize, transfer or assignment of the Prize is permitted, except by
  Sponsor, which reserves the right to substitute the Prize with one of comparable or greater value in its sole
  discretion. The Prize is awarded "as is" with no warranty or guarantee, express or implied. All Prize details are at
  Sponsor's sole discretion. Any and all warranties and/or guarantees on a Prize (if any) and any products
  purchased with a Prize are subject to the respective manufacturers' terms therefore, and the winner agrees to look
  solely to such manufacturers for any such warranty and/or guarantee. An unclaimed Prize will not be awarded. All
  federal, state, local, and other taxes on a Prize and any other costs and expenses associated with Prize acceptance
  and use not specified herein as being provided are the sole responsibility of the applicable winner. A 1099 tax form
  will be issued where required. Notwithstanding anything herein, a potential Prize winner may be required to complete
  and return an Affidavit of Eligibility and Liability/Publicity Release form within five (5) calendar days of attempted
  delivery of same. Non-compliance within this time period or return of any Prize or Prize notification as
  undeliverable may result in disqualification. All federal, state, municipal, provincial and local laws and regulations
  apply.   Publicity Release: Except where prohibited or restricted by law and notwithstanding the fact that the winner may be required to sign a
  separate Affidavit of Eligibility and Liability/Publicity Release, winner's acceptance of the Prize constitutes the
  winner's agreement and consent for Sponsor to use and/or publish the winner's full name, city and state of residence,
  Promotion entry, statements made by winner regarding the Promotion or Sponsor, winner's voice, photographs and other
  likeness, worldwide and in perpetuity for any and all purposes, including, but not limited to, advertising, trade
  and/or promotion on behalf of Sponsor, in any and all forms of media, now known or hereafter devised, including, but
  not limited to, print, TV, radio, electronic, cable or World Wide Web, without further limitation, restriction,
  compensation, notice, review or approval.   Miscellaneous: Entrants who do not follow all of the instructions, provide the required information in their entry form or the
  like, or abide by these Official Rules or other instructions of Sponsor may be disqualified. Online entries will be considered to be entered by the authorized account holder of the e-mail address submitted at time of entry
  and he/she must comply with these Official Rules. The authorized account holder is deemed as the natural person who is
  assigned to an e-mail address by an Internet access provider, online service provider or other organization that is
  responsible for assigning e-mail addresses for the domain associated with the submitted e-mail address.   Privacy: Personal information collected by Sponsor will be used for administration of the Promotion, for awarding of the Prize,
  and for potential research purposes. In addition, by entering, all entrants agree to Sponsor's Privacy Policy at www.wayfair.com/customerservice/general_info.php#privacy and to the use of their personal
  information as described in Sponsor’s Privacy Policy. By entering your e-mail address on the Web Site, you also agree
  to receive e-mail correspondence from Sponsor. Please refer to Sponsor's Privacy Policy for important information
  regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information by Sponsor.   Release: By participating in the Promotion, all entrants agree to release, discharge and hold harmless the Promotion Parties
  from any and all damages, whether direct or indirect, which may be due to or arise out of participation in the
  Promotion or any portion thereof, or the acceptance, use/misuse, or possession of any Prize (or activity related
  thereto). As a condition of entering the Promotion, entrants agree that (1) under no circumstances will an entrant be
  permitted to obtain awards for, and entrants hereby waive all rights to claim, punitive, incidental, consequential or
  any other damages, and any claims, judgments, or awards shall be limited to actual out-of-pocket expenses; (2) all
  causes of action arising out of or connected with this Promotion, or any Prize awarded, shall be resolved
  individually, without resort to any form of class action; and (3) in no event will any entrant be entitled to receive
  attorneys' fees. By entering the promotion, all entrants agree to release, indemnify and hold harmless the promotion parties and each
    of their respective parent, subsidiary and affiliated entities as well as the successors, assigns, and licensees of
    each and the respective officers, directors, agents, employees, shareholders, contractors and representative of
    each, from any and all claims, expenses, damages, (including reasonable attorneys’ fees), or liability for any
    injury, loss, or damage of any kind to persons (including, but not limited to, death), and property, whether direct
    or indirect, which may be due to or arise out of participation in the promotion or any portion thereof; a breach or
    allegation which if true would constitute a breach of any of entrant's representations, warranties, or obligations
    herein; or the acceptance, use/misuse or possession of prize(s), or any prize-related activity. Entrants waive all
    warranties, express or implied, including but not limited to implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for
    a particular purpose.    Disclaimer: The Promotion Parties are not responsible for printing or typographical errors in these Official Rules or in any
  Promotion-related materials. Sponsor reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to disqualify any individual that
  tampers with the entry process. Sponsor also reserves the right to terminate, suspend, cancel or modify the Promotion
  and award the Prize from among all eligible, non-suspect entries received (i) as of the date of termination or
  modification, as applicable, using the judging procedure outlined above and (ii) in a random drawing if for any reason
  this Promotion is not capable of running as planned due to any reason, including infection by computer virus, bugs,
  tampering, fraud, unauthorized intervention, technical failures or other causes that may corrupt or impair the
  integrity, fairness or proper play of the Promotion. Promotion Parties are not responsible or liable for any events
  which may cause errors and/or the Promotion to be stopped, including but not limited to any error, omission,
  interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, communications line failure, theft or destruction
  or unauthorized access to, or alteration of, entries, nor are they responsible for any problems or technical
  malfunction of any telephone, network or telephone lines, computer on-line systems, servers, or cable, satellite, or
  Internet Service Providers, computer equipment, mobile equipment, software or any other failure of any email or entry
  to be received by Sponsor on account of technical problems, human error or traffic congestion on the Internet or at
  any web site, or any combination thereof, including any injury or damage to entrant's or any other person's computer
  or mobile device relating to or resulting from participation in this Promotion or downloading any materials in this
  Promotion. Promotion Parties are not responsible for computer, mobile, mechanical, technical, electronic, network or
  other errors or problems, including any errors or problems that may occur in connection with the administration of the
  Promotion, the processing of entries, or in any other Promotion-related materials. The Promotion Parties may stop you
  from participating in this Promotion if you violate these Official Rules or act, in Sponsor's sole discretion: (a) in
  a manner Sponsor determines to be not fair; (b) with an intent to annoy, threaten or harass any other entrant, winner
  or the Sponsor; or (c) in any other disruptive manner. Should more prizes be awarded through a computer, hardware, or
  software malfunction, error or failure, or for any other reason, in any prize category, than are stated for that
  category in the Official Rules, Sponsor reserves the right to award only the number of prizes stated in the Official
  Rules for that category. In no event will more prizes be awarded than the Prize listed herein.    Caution: any act or attempt by an entrant to deliberately damage any website or undermine the legitimate operation
      of this promotion is a violation of criminal and civil laws. Should such an attempt be made, the promotion parties
      reserve the right to seek damages and other remedies (including attorneys' fees) from any such individual(s) to
      the fullest extent permitted by law.     Choice of Law and Jurisdiction: Except where prohibited, all issues and questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation, and
  enforceability of these Official Rules, or the rights and obligations of entrants or winner, shall be governed by, and
  construed in accordance with, the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without giving effect to any choice of
  law or conflict of law rules or provisions, which might otherwise cause the application of the laws of any
  jurisdiction other than the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Any action seeking legal or equitable relief arising out of
  or relating to the Promotion or these Official Rules shall be brought only in the courts of the Commonwealth of
  Massachusetts. Entrants and/or winner hereby irrevocably consent to the personal jurisdiction of said courts and waive
  any claim of forum non-convenience or lack of personal jurisdiction they may have.   Winner's List: Entrants are responsible for complying with these Official Rules. To receive the winner's list for a specific
  Promotion, send a self-addressed stamped envelope to: Wayfair.com Contest Winner List Request, c/o
  Wayfair LLC,
  4 Copley Place, Floor 7,
  Boston,
  MA  02116.
  Please reference the dates of the Promotion Period and Prize with your request.   Sponsor: Wayfair LLC,
  4 Copley Place, Floor 7,
  Boston,
  MA  02116    Wayfair Registry – David’s Bridal Sweepstakes Official Rules    No purchase necessary to enter or win. A purchase does not increase your chances of winning. Void where
      prohibited. The Wayfair Registry Survey Completion Sweepstakes ("Promotion") begins on [1/23/2019]
    at 12:00:01 AM Eastern Time ("ET") and ends at 11:59:59 PM ET on [3/31/2019] (the "Promotion Period"). The computer clock of the Sponsor is the official time-keeping device in the Promotion.    Each entrant hereby represents and warrants that he or she is at least 18 years of age and that he or she has read
      these official rules as well as Wayfair's terms of use and is familiar with and agrees to their contents. If you
      are not at least 18 years of age and do not agree to these official rules and Wayfair's terms of use, do not
      participate in this promotion.     Eligibility: The Promotion is open only to legal residents of the United States and the District of Columbia (excluding residents
  of Rhode Island, Guam, Puerto Rico and all other U.S. territories and possessions), who are of the legal age of
  marriage at the time of Promotion registration (18 years or older in most locations, 19 in Nebraska, and 21 in
  Mississippi). Entrants must also maintain a registry on Wayfair.com at the time of Promotion registration in order to
  win. Employees, officers, and directors of Sponsor, and Sponsor's parent, affiliates, subsidiaries, and advertising,
  contest, fulfillment, and marketing agencies (collectively, with the Sponsor, the "Promotion Parties"), their
  immediate families (parent, child, sibling & spouse and their respective spouses, regardless of where they reside) and
  persons living in the same households as such individuals (whether related or not) are not eligible to participate
  in the Promotion. By participating, you agree to these Official Rules and to the decisions of the Sponsor, which are
  final and binding in all respects. Void where prohibited by law, rule or regulation. All applicable federal, state and
  local laws and regulations apply.   How to enter: To enter the Promotion, you must have a registry with Wayfair.com and complete the David’s Bridal sign-up flow during
  the Promotion Period.    By entering the promotion, you grant to sponsor an unrestricted, irrevocable, royalty-free, perpetual, fully
      paid-up, transferable, worldwide license to use the your data in aggregate in any and all marketing materials, on
      sponsor’s websites, and through all social media channels.     Criteria for winner selection: A total of one (1) Prize will be awarded during the Promotion Period. The Prize will have one Winner, and such Winner
  will be selected in an electronic, randomized drawing. The Prize will consist of a $2,000.00 Gift Card to Wayfair.com.
  The drawing will be held at 5:00 PM EST on 3/31/2018, and will be made from all eligible entries received since the
  start of the Promotion Period.   Prizes:  One (1) $2,000 Gift Card.    Winner Notification: The potential winner will receive a Prize notification and Prize claim information via email within forty-eight (48)
  hours after the drawing, or as soon thereafter as reasonably practicable. Sponsor is not responsible for any change in
  an entrant's telephone number, mailing address, and/or email. The potential winner will have seven (7) calendar days
  from the time the winning notification is sent to confirm that the notification has been received in order to claim
  the Prize. A potential winner is subject to verification, including verification of age. If a potential winner cannot
  be contacted within a reasonable time period, if the potential winner is ineligible, if any notification is returned
  undeliverable, or if the potential winner otherwise fails to fully comply with these Official Rules, he or she will
  forfeit the Prize and the Sponsor will select another winner.   General Prize Conditions: The Prize will only be awarded by Sponsor upon a potential winner's verification of eligibility (if requested by
  Sponsor), and compliance with these Official Rules and final approval by Sponsor. No prize substitution, cash
  equivalent of the Prize, transfer or assignment of the Prize is permitted, except by Sponsor, which reserves the
  right to substitute the Prize with one of comparable or greater value in its sole discretion. The Prize is awarded
  "as is" with no warranty or guarantee, express or implied. All Prize details are at Sponsor's sole discretion. Any and
  all warranties and/or guarantees on a Prize (if any) and any products purchased with a Prize are subject to the
  respective manufacturers' terms therefore, and the winner agrees to look solely to such manufacturers for any such
  warranty and/or guarantee. An unclaimed Prize will not be awarded. All federal, state, local, and other taxes on a
  Prize and any other costs and expenses associated with Prize acceptance and use not specified herein as being provided
  are the sole responsibility of the applicable winner. A 1099 tax form will be issued where required. Notwithstanding
  anything herein, a potential Prize winner may be required to complete and return an Affidavit of Eligibility and
  Liability/Publicity Release form within five (5) calendar days of attempted delivery of same. Non-compliance within
  this time period or return of any Prize or Prize notification as undeliverable may result in disqualification. All
  federal, state, municipal, provincial and local laws and regulations apply.   Publicity Release: Except where prohibited or restricted by law and notwithstanding the fact that the winner may be required to sign a
  separate Affidavit of Eligibility and Liability/Publicity Release, winner's acceptance of the Prize constitutes the
  winner's agreement and consent for Sponsor to use and/or publish the winner's full name, city and state of residence,
  Promotion entry, statements made by winner regarding the Promotion or Sponsor, winner's voice, photographs and other
  likeness, worldwide and in perpetuity for any and all purposes, including, but not limited to, advertising, trade
  and/or promotion on behalf of Sponsor, in any and all forms of media, now known or hereafter devised, including, but
  not limited to, print, TV, radio, electronic, cable or World Wide Web, without further limitation, restriction,
  compensation, notice, review or approval.   Miscellaneous: Entrants who do not follow all of the instructions, provide the required information in their entry form or the like,
  or abide by these Official Rules or other instructions of Sponsor may be disqualified. All Promotion entries become
  the property of Sponsor and will not be acknowledged or returned. Entries will be considered to be entered by the
  authorized account holder of the Instagram account at time of entry.   Privacy: Personal information collected by Sponsor will be used for administration of the Promotion, for awarding of the Prize,
  and for potential research purposes. In addition, by entering, all entrants agree to Sponsor's use of their personal
  information as described in Sponsor’s Privacy Policy at www.wayfair.com/customerservice/general_info.php#privacy .
  Please refer to Sponsor's privacy policy for important information regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of
  personal information by Sponsor.   Release: By participating in the Promotion, all entrants agree to release, discharge and hold harmless the Promotion Parties
  from any and all damages, whether direct or indirect, which may be due to or arise out of participation in the
  Promotion or any portion thereof, or the acceptance, use/misuse, or possession of any Prize (or activity related
  thereto). As a condition of entering the Promotion, entrants agree that (1) under no circumstances will an entrant be
  permitted to obtain awards for, and entrants hereby waive all rights to claim, punitive, incidental, consequential or
  any other damages, and any claims, judgments, or awards shall be limited to actual out-of-pocket expenses; (2) all
  causes of action arising out of or connected with this Promotion, or any Prize awarded, shall be resolved
  individually, without resort to any form of class action; and (3) in no event will any entrant be entitled to receive
  attorneys' fees. By entering the promotion, all entrants agree to release, indemnify and hold harmless the promotion parties and each
    of their respective parent, subsidiary and affiliated entities as well as the successors, assigns, and licensees of
    each and the respective officers, directors, agents, employees, shareholders, contractors and representative of
    each, from any and all claims, expenses, damages, (including reasonable attorneys’ fees), or liability for any
    injury, loss, or damage of any kind to persons (including, but not limited to, death), and property, whether direct
    or indirect, which may be due to or arise out of participation in the promotion or any portion thereof; a breach or
    allegation which if true would constitute a breach of any of entrant's representations, warranties, or obligations
    herein; or the acceptance, use/misuse or possession of prize(s), or any prize-related activity. Entrants waive all
    warranties, express or implied, including but not limited to implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a
    particular purpose.    Disclaimer: The Promotion Parties are not responsible for printing or typographical errors in these Official Rules or in any
  Promotion-related materials. Sponsor reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to disqualify any individual that
  tampers with the entry process. Sponsor also reserves the right to terminate, suspend, cancel or modify the Promotion
  and award the Prize from among all eligible, non-suspect entries received (i) as of the date of termination or
  modification, as applicable, using the judging procedure outlined above and (ii) in a random drawing if for any reason
  this Promotion is not capable of running as planned due to any reason, including infection by computer virus, bugs,
  tampering, fraud, unauthorized intervention, technical failures or other causes that may corrupt or impair the
  integrity, fairness or proper play of the Promotion. Promotion Parties are not responsible or liable for any events
  which may cause errors and/or the Promotion to be stopped, including but not limited to any error, omission,
  interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, communications line failure, theft or destruction
  or unauthorized access to, or alteration of, entries, nor are they responsible for any problems or technical
  malfunction of any telephone, network or telephone lines, computer on-line systems, servers, or cable, satellite, or
  Internet Service Providers, computer equipment, mobile equipment, software or any other failure of any email or entry
  to be received by Sponsor on account of technical problems, human error or traffic congestion on the Internet or at
  any web site, or any combination thereof, including any injury or damage to entrant's or any other person's computer
  or mobile device relating to or resulting from participation in this Promotion or downloading any materials in this
  Promotion. Promotion Parties are not responsible for computer, mobile, mechanical, technical, electronic, network or
  other errors or problems, including any errors or problems that may occur in connection with the administration of the
  Promotion, the processing of entries, or in any other Promotion-related materials. The Promotion Parties may stop you
  from participating in this Promotion if you violate these Official Rules or act, in Sponsor's sole discretion: (a) in
  a manner Sponsor determines to be not fair; (b) with an intent to annoy, threaten or harass any other entrant, winner
  or the Sponsor; or (c) in any other disruptive manner. Should more prizes be awarded through a computer, hardware, or
  software malfunction, error or failure, or for any other reason, in any prize category, than are stated for that
  category in the Official Rules, Sponsor reserves the right to award only the number of prizes stated in the Official
  Rules for that category. In no event will more prizes be awarded than the Prize listed herein.    Caution: any act or attempt by an entrant to deliberately damage any website or undermine the legitimate operation
      of this promotion is a violation of criminal and civil laws. Should such an attempt be made, the promotion parties
      reserve the right to seek damages and other remedies (including attorneys' fees) from any such individual(s)
      to the fullest extent permitted by law.     Choice of Law and Jurisdiction: Except where prohibited, all issues and questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation, and
  enforceability of these Official Rules, or the rights and obligations of entrants or winner, shall be governed by, and
  construed in accordance with, the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without giving effect to any choice of
  law or conflict of law rules or provisions, which might otherwise cause the application of the laws of any
  jurisdiction other than the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Any action seeking legal or equitable relief arising out of
  or relating to the Promotion or these Official Rules shall be brought only in the courts of the Commonwealth of
  Massachusetts. Entrants and/or winner hereby irrevocably consent to the personal jurisdiction of said courts and waive
  any claim of forum non-convenience or lack of personal jurisdiction they may have.   Winner's List: Entrants are responsible for complying with these Official Rules. To receive the winner's list for a specific
  Promotion, send a self-addressed stamped envelope to: Wayfair.com Contest Winner List Request, c/o
  Wayfair LLC,
  4 Copley Place, Floor 7,
  Boston,
  MA  02116.
  Please reference the dates of the Promotion Period and Prize with your request.   Sponsor: Wayfair LLC,
  4 Copley Place, Floor 7,
  Boston,
  MA  02116    Wayfair Gift Card Terms and Conditions  The following terms and conditions (the "Terms") apply to any Wayfair gift card originally purchased by you or someone on your behalf (the "gift card") through one of the Wayfair websites. Gift cards are issued by SK Retail, Inc. (referred to hereafter as either “Wayfair,” “Perigold”, “AllModern,” “Birch Lane,” “Joss & Main,” “we,” “us,” or “our”). By purchasing a gift card, accepting and retaining a gift card, or using a gift card, you agree to these Terms.   Gift cards do not expire.  Gift cards are valid in the country and currency in which they were purchased. Gift cards purchased on Wayfair.com, AllModern.com, BirchLane.com, JossandMain.com, or Perigold.com can be used interchangeably. Gift cards purchased on Wayfair.ca can only be redeemed on Wayfair.ca. Gift cards purchased on Wayfair.co.uk can only be redeemed on Wayfair.co.uk. Gift cards purchased on Wayfair.de can only be redeemed on Wayfair.de.  Gift cards cannot be used to purchase gift cards.  Gift cards are not redeemable for cash and cannot be returned for a cash refund, except to the extent required by law.  Gift cards are not re-sellable, and gift card orders cannot be cancelled, updated or refunded.  E-gift cards may not be redeemable for up to 4 hours on weekdays, and up to 12 hours on weekends.  Use of the gift card is limited to the amount of funds held on the gift card. The full amount of each purchase,
    including taxes, will be deducted from the funds held on the gift card, up to the total funds available on the gift
    card. Any unused balance will be placed in the recipient's gift card account and is not transferable. If you
    make a purchase and there are insufficient funds held on the gift card to cover that purchase, you must pay the difference
    by a valid credit card or debit card.  The risk of loss and title for gift cards pass to the purchaser upon our electronic transmission to the purchaser.
    We are not responsible for and will not replace lost or stolen gift cards. Protect your gift card as if it were
    cash and safeguard the gift card from authorized use.  Wayfair may provide gift card purchasers with information about the redemption status of gift cards.  Wayfair reserves the right to change these Terms from time to time in its discretion. Such revised terms will be effective
    as to any gift cards purchased after the date said revised Terms are posted to the Wayfair websites.  Resale of a gift card or use for unauthorized advertising, marketing, sweepstakes or other promotional purposes is
    strictly prohibited. Your right to use the funds on the gift card is a limited right, subject to these Terms and
    applicable law. We are not responsible for pricing, typographical, or other errors, in any offer and reserve the right to
     cancel any orders resulting from such errors.  If we suspect any fraud or misuse in connection with a gift card, we reserve the right in our discretion to suspend
    or terminate use of the gift card.  The consideration paid for the gift card, including any unredeemed balances, is the property of the Wayfair.  We do not currently collect or maintain any personally identifiable information regarding the purchasers of the Cards.
    However, we reserve the right to obtain personal information about you in accordance with the privacy policy found here if such information is necessary to service the Card or respond to your inquiries or for other purposes.  If any one or more of the covenants, agreements, provisions or terms of these Terms shall be for any reason whatsoever held
    invalid, then such covenants, agreements, provisions or terms shall be deemed severable from the remaining covenants, agreements,
    provisions or terms of these Terms shall in no way affect the validity or enforceability of the other provisions of these Terms.  These Terms sets forth the entire understanding of the parties relating to the subject matter hereof, and all prior understandings,
     written or oral, are superseded by these Terms. All terms and conditions set forth herein are applicable to the extent permitted by
      law.     Wayfair Big Time Sweepstakes Official Rules   NO PURCHASE NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. A PURCHASE DOES NOT INCREASE YOUR CHANCES OF WINNING. VOID WHERE PROHIBITED. The Wayfair Big-Time Sweepstakes ("Promotion") begins on March 1, 2019 at 12:00:01 AM Eastern Time ("ET") and ends at 2:59:59 AM ET on April 1, 2019 (the "Promotion Period"). The computer clock of the Sponsor is the official time-keeping device in the Promotion.   Each entrant hereby represents and warrants that he or she is at least 18 years of age and that he or she has read these official rules
    as well as Wayfair's terms of use and is familiar with and agrees to their contents. If you are not at least 18 years of age
    and do not agree to these official rules and Wayfair's terms of use, do not participate in this promotion.    Eligibility: The Promotion is open only to legal residents of the 50 United States and the District
  of Columbia (excludes Guam, Puerto Rico and all other U.S. territories and possessions) who are 18 years of age or older at the time of Promotion
  registration. Employees, officers, and directors of Sponsor, and Sponsor's parent, affiliates, subsidiaries, and advertising, contest, fulfillment,
  and marketing agencies (collectively, with the Sponsor, the "Promotion Parties"), their immediate families (parent, child, sibling & spouse and their
  respective spouses, regardless of where they reside) and persons living in the same households as such individuals (whether related or not) are not
  eligible to participate in the Promotion. By participating, you agree to these Official Rules and to the decisions of the Sponsor, which are final
  and binding in all respects. Void where prohibited by law, rule or regulation. All applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations apply.   How to enter: To enter the Promotion, visit the Promotion website
  (http://wayfair.com/wayfaircard/cardmember-appreciation) (the "Website"), log into the Website using your Wayfair account information,
  and click on the Promotion banner at the top of Website landing page during the Promotion Period. There is a limit of one (1) entry per
  eligible person, per day, during the Promotion Period. If multiple entries are received on the same day, only the first entry will be accepted
  and additional entries will be disqualified.   Criteria for Winner Selection: Eleven (11) winners (the "Promotion Winners") will be selected for
  the Promotion Period in an electronic, randomized drawing. One grand prize winner will be selected from amongst the Promotion Winners. The entrant whose
  name is pulled first in this drawing will be the grand prize winner. The drawing will be held the week of April 1, 2019, following the conclusion of the
  Promotion Period. The drawing will be made from all eligible entries received during the Promotion Period.  The drawing will be conducted by Sponsor,
  whose decisions are final and binding in all matters relating to the Promotion.   Prize: After the Promotion Period, Sponsor will select the Promotion Winners in accordance with
  the entrance requirements and criteria for winner selection set forth above. Ten (10) winners will receive Sponsor's "Classic" Design Service
  package (a USD $149.00 value) and a Wayfair Gift Card valued at five hundred dollars (USD $500.00). One (1) grand prize winner will receive
  Sponsor's "Classic" Design Service package (a USD $149.00 value) and a Wayfair Gift Card valued at two thousand five hundred dollars (USD $2,500).   Winner Notification: The potential winners will receive a Prize notification and Prize claim information via email within forty-eight (48) hours of the drawing,
  or as soon thereafter as reasonably practicable. Sponsor is not responsible for any change in an entrant's email address resulting in non-delivery
  of a Prize notification. The potential winners will have seven (7) calendar days from the time of receipt of the winning notification to confirm
  that the notification has been received in order to claim the Prize. A potential winner is subject to verification, including verification of age.
  If a potential winner cannot be contacted within a reasonable time period, if the potential winner is ineligible, if any notification is returned
  undeliverable, or if the potential winner otherwise fails to fully comply with these Official Rules, he or she will forfeit the Prize and a new
  winner will be selected.   General Prize Conditions: The Prize will only be awarded by Sponsor upon a potential winner's
  verification of eligibility (if requested by Sponsor), and compliance with these Official Rules and final approval by Sponsor. The Prize shall be
  subject to the Wayfair Gift Card Terms and Conditions located at  https://www.wayfair.com/customerservice/general_info.php#gcterms. No prize
  substitution, cash equivalent of the Prize, transfer or assignment of the Prize is permitted, except by Sponsor, which reserves the right to
  substitute the Prize with one of comparable or greater value in its sole discretion. The Prize is awarded "as is" with no warranty or guarantee,
  express or implied. All Prize details are at Sponsor's sole discretion. Any and all warranties and/or guarantees on a Prize (if any) and any
  products purchased with a Prize are subject to the respective manufacturers' terms therefore, and the winner agrees to look solely to such
  manufacturers for any such warranty and/or guarantee. An unclaimed Prize will not be awarded. All federal, state, local, and other taxes on a
  Prize and any other costs and expenses associated with Prize acceptance and use not specified herein as being provided are the sole responsibility
  of the applicable winner. A 1099 tax form will be issued where required. Notwithstanding anything herein, a potential Prize winner may be required
  to complete and return an Affidavit of Eligibility and Liability/Publicity Release form within five (5) calendar days of attempted delivery of same.
  Non-compliance within this time period or return of any Prize or Prize notification as undeliverable may result in disqualification. All federal,
  state, municipal, provincial and local laws and regulations apply.
  The Promotion is offered, operated and administered by Sponsor. Comenity Bank (the "Bank") issues Wayfair credit card accounts. The Bank is in no
  way affiliated with or responsible for the Promotion. Any disputes concerning awards or benefits under the Promotion will not affect any payments
  or other obligation to the Bank.   Publicity Release: Except where prohibited or restricted by law and notwithstanding the fact that
  the winner may be required to sign a separate Affidavit of Eligibility and Liability/Publicity Release, winner's acceptance of the Prize constitutes
  the winner's agreement and consent for Sponsor to use and/or publish the winner's full name, city and state of residence, Promotion entry,
  statements made by winner regarding the Promotion or Sponsor, winner's voice, photographs and other likeness, worldwide and in perpetuity for any
  and all purposes, including, but not limited to, advertising, trade and/or promotion on behalf of Sponsor, in any and all forms of media, now known
  or hereafter devised, including, but not limited to, print, TV, radio, electronic, cable or World Wide Web, without further limitation, restriction,
  compensation, notice, review or approval.   Miscellaneous: Entrants who do not follow all of the instructions, provide the required information
  in their entry form or the like, or abide by these Official Rules or other instructions of Sponsor may be disqualified. Online entries will be
  considered to be entered by the authorized account holder of the e-mail address submitted at time of entry and he/she must comply with these
  Official Rules. The authorized account holder is deemed as the natural person who is assigned to an e-mail address by an Internet access provider,
  online service provider or other organization that is responsible for assigning e-mail addresses for the domain associated with the submitted e-mail
  address.   Privacy: Personal information collected by Sponsor will be used for administration of the Promotion,
  for awarding of the Prize, and for potential research purposes. In addition, by entering, all entrants agree to Sponsor's Privacy Policy at www.wayfair.com/customerservice/general_info.php#privacy and to the use of their personal information as
  described in Sponsor's Privacy Policy. By entering your e-mail address on the Web Site, you also agree to receive e-mail correspondence from Sponsor.
  Please refer to Sponsor's Privacy Policy for important information regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information by Sponsor.   Release: By participating in the Promotion, all entrants agree to release, discharge and hold harmless
  the Promotion Parties from any and all damages, whether direct or indirect, which may be due to or arise out of participation in the Promotion or any
  portion thereof, or the acceptance, use/misuse, or possession of any Prize (or activity related thereto). As a condition of entering the Promotion,
  entrants agree that (1) under no circumstances will an entrant be permitted to obtain awards for, and entrants hereby waive all rights to claim,
  punitive, incidental, consequential or any other damages, and any claims, judgments, or awards shall be limited to actual out-of-pocket expenses;
  (2) all causes of action arising out of or connected with this Promotion, or any Prize awarded, shall be resolved individually, without resort to any
  form of class action; and (3) in no event will any entrant be entitled to receive attorneys' fees. BY ENTERING THE PROMOTION, ALL ENTRANTS AGREE TO
  RELEASE, INDEMNIFY AND HOLD HARMLESS THE PROMOTION PARTIES AND EACH OF THEIR RESPECTIVE PARENT, SUBSIDIARY AND AFFILIATED ENTITIES AS WELL AS THE
  SUCCESSORS, ASSIGNS, AND LICENSEES OF EACH AND THE RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, AGENTS, EMPLOYEES, SHAREHOLDERS, CONTRACTORS AND REPRESENTATIVE
  OF EACH, FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, EXPENSES, DAMAGES, (INCLUDING REASONABLE ATTORNEYS' FEES), OR LIABILITY FOR ANY INJURY, LOSS, OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND
  TO PERSONS (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DEATH), AND PROPERTY, WHETHER DIRECT OR INDIRECT, WHICH MAY BE DUE TO OR ARISE OUT OF PARTICIPATION IN THE
  PROMOTION OR ANY PORTION THEREOF; A BREACH OR ALLEGATION WHICH IF TRUE WOULD CONSTITUTE A BREACH OF ANY OF ENTRANT'S REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, OR
  OBLIGATIONS HEREIN; OR THE ACCEPTANCE, USE/MISUSE OR POSSESSION OF PRIZE(S), OR ANY PRIZE-RELATED ACTIVITY. ENTRANTS WAIVE ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS
  OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.   Disclaimer: The Promotion Parties are not responsible for printing or typographical errors in these Official
  Rules or in any Promotion-related materials. Sponsor reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to disqualify any individual that tampers with the entry
  process. Sponsor also reserves the right to terminate, suspend, cancel or modify the Promotion and award the Prize from among all eligible, non-suspect
  entries received (i) as of the date of termination or modification, as applicable, using the judging procedure outlined above and (ii) in a random drawing
  if for any reason this Promotion is not capable of running as planned due to any reason, including infection by computer virus, bugs, tampering, fraud,
  unauthorized intervention, technical failures or other causes that may corrupt or impair the integrity, fairness or proper play of the Promotion. Promotion
  Parties are not responsible or liable for any events which may cause errors and/or the Promotion to be stopped, including but not limited to any error,
  omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, communications line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to,
  or alteration of, entries, nor are they responsible for any problems or technical malfunction of any telephone, network or telephone lines, computer on-line
  systems, servers, or cable, satellite, or Internet Service Providers, computer equipment, mobile equipment, software or any other failure of any email or
  entry to be received by Sponsor on account of technical problems, human error or traffic congestion on the Internet or at any web site, or any combination
  thereof, including any injury or damage to entrant's or any other person's computer or mobile device relating to or resulting from participation in this Promotion
  or downloading any materials in this Promotion. Promotion Parties are not responsible for computer, mobile, mechanical, technical, electronic, network or
  other errors or problems, including any errors or problems that may occur in connection with the administration of the Promotion, the processing of entries,
  or in any other Promotion-related materials. The Promotion Parties may stop you from participating in this Promotion if you violate these Official Rules or act,
  in Sponsor's sole discretion: (a) in a manner Sponsor determines to be not fair; (b) with an intent to annoy, threaten or harass any other entrant, winner or the
  Sponsor; or (c) in any other disruptive manner. Should more prizes be awarded through a computer, hardware, or software malfunction, error or failure, or for
  any other reason, in any prize category, than are stated for that category in the Official Rules, Sponsor reserves the right to award only the number of prizes
  stated in the Official Rules for that category. In no event will more prizes be awarded than the Prize listed herein.   CAUTION: ANY ACT OR ATTEMPT BY AN ENTRANT TO DELIBERATELY DAMAGE ANY WEBSITE OR UNDERMINE THE LEGITIMATE OPERATION OF THIS PROMOTION
      IS A VIOLATION OF CRIMINAL AND CIVIL LAWS. SHOULD SUCH AN ATTEMPT BE MADE, THE PROMOTION PARTIES RESERVE THE RIGHT TO SEEK DAMAGES AND OTHER REMEDIES
      (INCLUDING ATTORNEYS' FEES) FROM ANY SUCH INDIVIDUAL(S) TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.    Choice of Law and Jurisdiction: Except where prohibited, all issues and questions concerning the construction, validity,
  interpretation, and enforceability of these Official Rules, or the rights and obligations of entrants or winner, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance
  with, the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law rules or provisions, which might otherwise cause the
  application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Any action seeking legal or equitable relief arising out of or relating to
  the Promotion or these Official Rules shall be brought only in the courts of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Entrants and/or winner hereby irrevocably consent to
  the personal jurisdiction of said courts and waive any claim of forum non-convenience or lack of personal jurisdiction they may have.   Winner's List: Entrants are responsible for complying with these Official Rules. To receive the winner's
  list for a specific Promotion, send a self-addressed stamped envelope to: Wayfair.com Contest Winner List Request, c/o
  Wayfair LLC, 4 Copley Place, Floor 7, Boston,
  MA 02116. Please reference the dates of the Promotion Period and Prize with your request.   Sponsor: Wayfair LLC,
  4 Copley Place, Floor 7, Boston, MA 02116    Wayfair's Dream Classroom Giveaway Contest Official Rules   NO PURCHASE NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. A PURCHASE DOES NOT INCREASE YOUR CHANCES OF WINNING. VOID WHERE PROHIBITED. Wayfair's Dream Classroom Giveaway Contest (the "Promotion") begins on March 11, 2019 and lasts through April 5, 2019 (the "Promotion Period"). The computer clock of Wayfair LLC (the "Sponsor") is the official time-keeping device of the Promotion.   Each entrant hereby represents and warrants that he or she is at least 18 years of age and that he or she has read these official rules
    as well as Wayfair's terms of use and is familiar with and agrees to their contents. If you are not at least 18 years of age
    and do not agree to these official rules and Wayfair's terms of use, do not participate in this promotion.    Eligibility: The Promotion is open only to legal residents of the continental United States
  including the District of Columbia (excludes Alaska, Hawaii, Guam, Puerto Rico and all other U.S. territories and possessions) who at the
  time of Promotion registration are a) 18 years of age or older, and b) currently employed full- or part-time as an educator by an accredited
  public or private K-12 school in the listed territories above. Employees, officers, and directors of Sponsor, and Sponsor's parent, affiliates,
  subsidiaries, and advertising, contest, fulfillment, and marketing agencies (collectively, with the Sponsor, the "Promotion Parties"), their
  immediate families (parent, child, sibling & spouse and their respective spouses, regardless of where they reside) and persons living in the
  same households as such individuals (whether related or not) are not eligible to participate in the Promotion. By participating, you agree
  to these Official Rules and to the decisions of the Sponsor, which are final and binding in all respects. Void where prohibited by law, rule
  or regulation. All applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations apply.   How to enter: To enter the Promotion, you must submit a completed entry form, which can be found at www.WayfairEduGiveaway.Typeform.com (the "Website")
  during the Promotion Period. The form includes the following entry details: (a) your full name, (b) email address,
  (c) phone number, (d) affiliated school, and (e) a Nomination Statement (defined below). There is no limit on the
  number of entries an entrant may submit during the Promotion Period.  As part of your entry, you will be required to submit a nomination statement of 500 words or less, ("Nomination Statement"), on an inspirational
  educator who is going above and beyond in the lives of their students and community ("Nominee"). Your Nomination Statement must be original
  and written by you. Nomination Statements must be in English. All entries become the property of Sponsor and will not be acknowledged or
  returned. You must have the permission of any person that you identify or otherwise refer to in your Nomination Statement.   Criteria for Winner Selection: Five (5) winners will be selected by the Sponsor based on
  the content of each entrant’s Nomination Statement. Judging criteria will focus on the uniqueness of the Nominee’s teaching style, the
  Nominee’s impact on his/her students and community, and how a classroom makeover would serve the Nominee and his/her students.   Prize: After the Promotion Period, Sponsor will select five (5) winners in accordance
  with the entrance requirements and criteria for winner selection set forth above. Decisions by Sponsor shall be final and in its sole
  discretion. Sponsor reserves the right to select multiple winners or no winners.  The winners will collaborate with Sponsor on a makeover of each winner's classroom. Each winner will be allowed to choose furniture pieces from a select
  list of products offered by Sponsor and tailored to the needs of each winner's classroom, which may be altered or revised by Sponsor at any time subject to availability.
  Restrictions may apply. Scope of makeover to be determined by Sponsor.   Winner Notification: The potential winners will receive a Prize notification and Prize claim information via email on May 31, 2019, or as soon
  thereafter as reasonably practicable. Sponsor is not responsible for any change in an entrant's telephone number, mailing address, and/or email
  resulting in non-delivery of a Prize notification. The potential winner will have seven (7) calendar days from the time the winning notification
  is sent to confirm that the notification has been received in order to claim the Prize. A potential winner is subject to verification, including
  verification of age. If a potential winner cannot be contacted within a reasonable time period, if the potential winner is ineligible, if any
  notification is returned undeliverable, or if the potential winner otherwise fails to fully comply with these Official Rules, he or she will
  forfeit the Prize and, if time permits, an alternate winner will be selected from among all remaining entries received during the Promotion Period.   General Prize Conditions: The Prize will only be awarded by Sponsor upon a potential winner's verification of eligibility (if requested by Sponsor), and compliance with these
  Official Rules and final approval by Sponsor. No prize substitution, cash equivalent of the Prize, transfer or assignment of the Prize is permitted,
  except by Sponsor, which reserves the right to substitute the Prize with one of comparable or greater value in its sole discretion. The Prize is
  awarded "as is" with no warranty or guarantee, express or implied. All Prize details are at Sponsor's sole discretion. Any and all warranties and/or
  guarantees on a Prize (if any) and any products purchased with a Prize are subject to the respective manufacturers' terms therefore, and the winner
  agrees to look solely to such manufacturers for any such warranty and/or guarantee. An unclaimed Prize will not be awarded. All federal, state, local,
  and other taxes on a Prize and any other costs and expenses associated with Prize acceptance and use not specified herein as being provided are the
  sole responsibility of the applicable winner. A 1099 tax form will be issued where required. Notwithstanding anything herein, a potential Prize winner
  may be required to complete and return an Affidavit of Eligibility and Liability/Publicity Release form within five (5) calendar days of attempted
  delivery of same. Non-compliance within this time period or return of any Prize or Prize notification as undeliverable may result in disqualification.
  All federal, state, municipal, provincial and local laws and regulations apply.   Publicity Release: Except where prohibited or restricted by law and notwithstanding the fact that the winner may be required to sign a separate Affidavit of Eligibility
  and Liability/Publicity Release, winner's acceptance of the Prize constitutes the winner's agreement and consent for Sponsor to use and/or publish
  the winner's full name, city and state of residence, Promotion entry, and/or statements made by winner regarding the Promotion or Sponsor, winner's
  voice, photographs and other likeness, worldwide and in perpetuity for any and all purposes, including, but not limited to, advertising, trade and/or
  promotion on behalf of Sponsor, in any and all forms of media, now known or hereafter devised, including, but not limited to, print, TV, radio,
  electronic, cable or World Wide Web, without further limitation, restriction, compensation, notice, review or approval.   Miscellaneous: Entrants who do not follow all of the instructions, provide the required information in their entry form or the like, or abide by these Official Rules
  or other instructions of Sponsor may be disqualified. All Promotion entries become the property of Sponsor and will not be acknowledged or returned.
  Entries will be considered to be entered by the authorized account holder of the Instagram account at time of entry.   Privacy: Personal information collected by Sponsor will be used for administration of the Promotion, for awarding of the Prize, and for potential research purposes.
  In addition, by entering, all entrants agree to Sponsor's use of their personal information as described in Sponsor’s Privacy Policy at www.wayfair.com/customerservice/general_info.php#privacy . Please refer to Sponsor's Privacy Policy for important information regarding the collection,
  use, and disclosure of personal information by Sponsor.   Release: By participating in the Promotion, all entrants agree to release, discharge and hold harmless the Promotion Parties from any and all damages, whether direct
  or indirect, which may be due to or arise out of participation in the Promotion or any portion thereof, or the acceptance, use/misuse, or possession of any
  Prize (or activity related thereto). As a condition of entering the Promotion, entrants agree that (1) under no circumstances will an entrant be permitted
  to obtain awards for, and entrants hereby waive all rights to claim, punitive, incidental, consequential or any other damages, and any claims, judgments,
  or awards shall be limited to actual out-of-pocket expenses; (2) all causes of action arising out of or connected with this Promotion, or any Prize awarded,
  shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action; and (3) in no event will any entrant be entitled to receive attorneys' fees. BY ENTERING THE PROMOTION, ALL ENTRANTS AGREE TO RELEASE, INDEMNIFY AND HOLD HARMLESS THE PROMOTION PARTIES AND EACH OF THEIR RESPECTIVE
  PARENT, SUBSIDIARY AND AFFILIATED ENTITIES AS WELL AS THE SUCCESSORS, ASSIGNS, AND LICENSEES OF EACH AND THE RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, AGENTS, EMPLOYEES,
  SHAREHOLDERS, CONTRACTORS AND REPRESENTATIVE OF EACH, FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, EXPENSES, DAMAGES, (INCLUDING REASONABLE ATTORNEYS’ FEES), OR LIABILITY FOR ANY INJURY,
  LOSS, OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND TO PERSONS (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DEATH), AND PROPERTY, WHETHER DIRECT OR INDIRECT, WHICH MAY BE DUE TO OR ARISE OUT
  OF PARTICIPATION IN THE PROMOTION OR ANY PORTION THEREOF; A BREACH OR ALLEGATION WHICH IF TRUE WOULD CONSTITUTE A BREACH OF ANY OF ENTRANT'S REPRESENTATIONS,
  WARRANTIES, OR OBLIGATIONS HEREIN; OR THE ACCEPTANCE, USE/MISUSE OR POSSESSION OF PRIZE(S), OR ANY PRIZE-RELATED ACTIVITY. ENTRANTS WAIVE ALL WARRANTIES,
  EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.    Disclaimer: The Promotion Parties are not responsible for printing or typographical errors in these Official Rules or in any Promotion-related materials. Sponsor reserves
  the right, in its sole discretion, to disqualify any individual that tampers with the entry process. Sponsor also reserves the right to terminate, suspend,
  cancel or modify the Promotion and award the Prize from among all eligible, non-suspect entries received (i) as of the date of termination or modification,
  as applicable, using the judging procedure outlined above and (ii) in a random drawing if for any reason this Promotion is not capable of running as planned
  due to any reason, including infection by computer virus, bugs, tampering, fraud, unauthorized intervention, technical failures or other causes that may corrupt
  or impair the integrity, fairness or proper play of the Promotion. Promotion Parties are not responsible or liable for any events which may cause errors and/or
  the Promotion to be stopped, including but not limited to any error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, communications
  line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, or alteration of, entries, nor are they responsible for any problems or technical malfunction of
  any telephone, network or telephone lines, computer on-line systems, servers, or cable, satellite, or Internet Service Providers, computer equipment, mobile equipment,
  software or any other failure of any email or entry to be received by Sponsor on account of technical problems, human error or traffic congestion on the Internet
  or at any web site, or any combination thereof, including any injury or damage to entrant's or any other person's computer or mobile device relating to or resulting
  from participation in this Promotion or downloading any materials in this Promotion. Promotion Parties are not responsible for computer, mobile, mechanical, technical,
  electronic, network or other errors or problems, including any errors or problems that may occur in connection with the administration of the Promotion, the processing
  of entries, or in any other Promotion-related materials. The Promotion Parties may stop you from participating in this Promotion if you violate these Official Rules
  or act, in Sponsor's sole discretion: (a) in a manner Sponsor determines to be not fair; (b) with an intent to annoy, threaten or harass any other entrant, winner or
  the Sponsor; or (c) in any other disruptive manner. Should more prizes be awarded through a computer, hardware, or software malfunction, error or failure, or for any
  other reason, in any prize category, than are stated for that category in the Official Rules, Sponsor reserves the right to award only the number of prizes stated in
  the Official Rules for that category. In no event will more prizes be awarded than the Prize listed herein.   CAUTION: ANY ACT OR ATTEMPT BY AN ENTRANT TO DELIBERATELY DAMAGE ANY WEBSITE OR UNDERMINE THE LEGITIMATE OPERATION OF THIS PROMOTION
  IS A VIOLATION OF CRIMINAL AND CIVIL LAWS. SHOULD SUCH AN ATTEMPT BE MADE, THE PROMOTION PARTIES RESERVE THE RIGHT TO SEEK DAMAGES AND OTHER REMEDIES
  (INCLUDING ATTORNEYS' FEES) FROM ANY SUCH INDIVIDUAL(S) TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.    Choice of Law and Jurisdiction: Except where prohibited, all issues and questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation, and enforceability of these Official Rules, or the rights
  and obligations of entrants or winner, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without giving effect
  to any choice of law or conflict of law rules or provisions, which might otherwise cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the Commonwealth
  of Massachusetts. Any action seeking legal or equitable relief arising out of or relating to the Promotion or these Official Rules shall be brought only in the courts
  of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Entrants and/or winner hereby irrevocably consent to the personal jurisdiction of said courts and waive any claim of forum
  non-convenience or lack of personal jurisdiction they may have.    Becoming a Supplier   Interested in Being a Supplier? The Internet has created a tremendous opportunity for manufacturers to drive additional revenue growth and reach a new and growing set
  of customers. For seven years, we have enabled our suppliers to successfully tap into this growth while working closely with them to
  protect and promote their brand, complement their existing retail channels and facilitate smooth logistics and communications flow.
  We understand the importance of flexibility and tailor our approach to meet our suppliers' specific needs.  We value our supplier relationships and believe these to be the key elements to fostering a successful partnership:   Commitment to Growth - Our goal is to rapidly grow revenues and become the top online channel partner for each of our
  suppliers. Our category teams' significant product expertise combined with our ongoing investment in online, email and traditional
  marketing, ensures maximum impact as we launch new suppliers' products.   Partnership in Customer Service Excellence - Wayfair's ability to provide great customer service begins with our
  supplier's commitment to ship orders quickly, package products with care, provide accurate in-stock status and work with us to rapidly
  handle any issues that may arise.   Brand and Channel Integrity - Wayfair is absolutely committed to helping its suppliers' brand flourish online.
  We collaborate with our suppliers to tell their products' stories the way they want them told. We are sensitive to our suppliers'
  desire to have a consistent value proposition and brand message across all of their retail outlets and we work
  closely to ensure our relationship is complementary to our suppliers' existing sales channels.   Flexibility and Ease - Each of our suppliers works closely with a Wayfair category team that is highly
  proficient at taking the supplier though the entire process of: (1) establishing the relationship, (2) effectively merchandising the product,
  (3) driving growth and (4) providing excellent customer service. We understand that every supplier may have unique needs in areas of
  logistics, order flow, payments, returns, etc. and we try to tune our approach to match our suppliers' needs and to make the entire
  process as smooth and seamless as possible.  If you are interested in growing your business, please email us . We look forward to hearing from you.     Send Us Your Suggestions  Customer feedback is very important to us. We are always looking for ways to serve you better. We want you to become a lifelong
    shopper with Wayfair.  Please email us .     Contact Us  Please contact us with any questions you have. We are here to serve you. We guarantee your satisfaction. On most items, we offer a
    30 day return policy. Please see the following return policies for specific information.   Wayfair.com  JossandMain.com  AllModern.com  BirchLane.com  Perigold.com   If you would like to submit a Purchase Order, please fax it to (866) 513-2570  If you would like to contact us by phone, email or mail, please use the following contact information:    By Phone:  866-263-8325    By Email:  Email Us    By Mail:  Wayfair LLC 4 Copley Place, Floor 7 Boston, MA 02116      Wayfair is committed to providing a website that is accessible to the widest possible audience,
  regardless of technology or ability. We aim to comply with all applicable standards, including
  WCAG 2.0 accessibility standards up to level AA. If you experience any difficulty in accessing
  any part of this website, please contact us at 877-929-3247 and we will work with you to provide
  the information, item or transaction you seek through a communication method that is accessible
  for you.    For media inquiries:  If you are a member of the media and have questions about the company or would like to feature us in your publication,
    please email us at PR@Wayfair.com and we will respond to your request immediately.   Shipping Information   How Will My Order Ship?  For information regarding your shipping and delivery options, click here .    When Will My Order Arrive?  Pre-Order  You can view the estimated delivery dates for products by clicking on the “ Shipping & Returns ” tab on the product page.  Post-Order  For up-to-date order status, click on the “ Track Packages ” link in the My Orders section of the Welcome page of My Account . We'll send you a shipment confirmation email with tracking information as soon as your items leave the warehouse.    Free Shipping?  Items marked Free Shipping! on the product page will ship for free!
        In order to keep your costs down and our pricing simple, we either provide free shipping or, in certain cases, charge shipping
        per item. This charge, if any, is indicated in your shopping cart and covers ground shipping within the contiguous United States
        ( click here for information on international shipping costs).  We won't surprise you with any hidden charges or handling fees. The price you
        see in the shopping cart is the price you pay, with one exception: if you are shipping an order to Alabama, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Kentucky, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Texas, Utah, Virginia, Washington, Wisconsin, we
        are required to charge sales tax.  Beware of companies who mask their shipping charges and surprise you with prohibitive shipping and handling fees or oversize
        charges at the end of the checkout process. Make sure you know the total cost of your purchase when shopping around.  Please refer to the following chart to understand the specific shipping rates for items that fall under our Shipping Policy:    Order Amount  Standard Shipping Cost    < $49  $4.99    ≥ $49  Free!    Exclusions: Certain products we offer do carry associated shipping charges either per item or per order amount. The total item shipping
        charges, if any, will be detailed in the shopping cart page prior to checkout.  Order Amount for promotional shipping doesn't include, and offer doesn't apply to, gift cards, bulk orders, applicable shipping charges,
        international fees, or sales tax. Shipping surcharge applies to AK, HI, and U.S. Territories. Some items have specific shipping charges
        and are not eligible towards the qualifying amount for the reduced shipping rates or free shipping. Other eligible item(s) in your cart
        at time of checkout will still count towards the qualifying total.  We keep it simple–our pricing is straightforward and all-inclusive, which saves you time and energy.    Shipping to Multiple Addresses  We want to save you time, so we offer you the ability to send products to more than one address within one order.  It is easy to send your order to multiple addresses. For each item you add to your Shopping Cart you can select a recipient. You can
        also change a recipient during Checkout. Simply enter an address for each recipient, or select an address from your Address Book.  You can even change the shipping address of an item after your order has been placed, by logging into My Account. To learn how to change
        a shipping address of an item or order, please see “ Change Shipping Address ”
        under the “ Order Management ” section of each Site's “Help & Info” Page.
        (Please note that unfortunately, we will be unable to change the address for any items that have already shipped out of the warehouse.)    International Shipping  International shipping outside of the United States:  Visit our international sites (product selection varies by country):   Canada: wayfair.ca  United Kingdom: wayfair.co.uk  Germany: wayfair.de    Back To Top    Terms of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Shop Wayfair International © 2002 - 2020 by Wayfair LLC , 4 Copley Place, 7th Floor, Boston, MA 02116                        ServerT:0.29583811759949  .83 