       WolframAlpha.com  WolframCloud.com  All Sites & Public Resources...              Products & Services     Wolfram|One  Mathematica  Wolfram|Alpha Notebook Edition  Programming Lab  Finance Platform  SystemModeler  Wolfram Player  Wolfram Engine  WolframScript      Enterprise Private Cloud  Enterprise Mathematica  Wolfram|Alpha Appliance    Enterprise Solutions   Corporate Consulting  Technical Services  Wolfram|Alpha Business Solutions      Resource System   Data Repository  Neural Net Repository  Function Repository    Wolfram|Alpha   Wolfram|Alpha Pro  Problem Generator  API    Data Drop    Products for Education  Mobile Apps   Wolfram Player  Wolfram Cloud App  Wolfram|Alpha for Mobile  Wolfram|Alpha-Powered Apps    Services   Paid Project Support  Wolfram U  Summer Programs       All Products & Services »      Technologies      Wolfram Language  Revolutionary knowledge-based programming language.    Wolfram Cloud  Central infrastructure for Wolfram's cloud products & services.    Wolfram Science  Technology-enabling science of the computational universe.      Wolfram Notebooks  The preeminent environment for any technical workflows.    Wolfram Engine  Software engine implementing the Wolfram Language.    Wolfram Natural Language Understanding System  Knowledge-based broadly deployed natural language.      Wolfram Data Framework  Semantic framework for real-world data.    Wolfram Universal Deployment System  Instant deployment across cloud, desktop, mobile, and more.    Wolfram Knowledgebase  Curated computable knowledge powering Wolfram|Alpha.      All Technologies »      Solutions     Engineering, R&D   Aerospace & Defense  Chemical Engineering  Control Systems  Electrical Engineering  Image Processing  Industrial Engineering  Mechanical Engineering  Operations Research  More...      Finance, Statistics & Business Analysis   Actuarial Sciences  Bioinformatics  Data Science  Econometrics  Financial Risk Management  Statistics  More...      Education   All Solutions for Education    Trends   Machine Learning  Multiparadigm Data Science  Internet of Things  High-Performance Computing  Hackathons      Software & Web   Software Development  Authoring & Publishing  Interface Development  Web Development    Sciences   Astronomy  Biology  Chemistry  More...       All Solutions »      Learning & Support     Learning   Wolfram Language Documentation  Fast Introduction for Programmers  Wolfram U  Videos & Screencasts      Wolfram Language Introductory Book  Webinars & Training  Summer Programs  Books      Need Help?   Support FAQ  Wolfram Community  Contact Support      Premium Support   Premier Service  Technical Services       All Learning & Support »      Company     About   Company Background  Wolfram Blog  Announcements  Events  Contact Us      Work with Us   Careers at Wolfram  Internships  Other Wolfram Language Jobs      Initiatives   Wolfram Foundation  MathWorld  Computer-Based Math  A New Kind of Science  Wolfram Technology for Hackathons  Student Ambassador Program      Wolfram for Startups  Demonstrations Project  Wolfram Innovator Awards  Wolfram + Raspberry Pi  Summer Programs  More...       All Company »       Search                      LEGAL INFORMATION   CCPA Addendum to Wolfram’s Privacy Policies: Compliance with the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)  Your Rights and Choices  The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their Personal 
            Information ("PI"). This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.  Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights  You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of 
            your PI over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer 
            request, we will disclose to you:   The categories of PI we collected about you.  The categories of sources for the PI we collected about you.  Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that PI.  The categories of third parties with whom we share that PI.  The specific pieces of PI we collected about you (also called a data portability request).  If we disclosed your PI for a business purpose, identifying the PI categories that each category of recipient obtained.   Deletion Request Rights  You have the right to request that we delete any of your PI that we collected from you 
            and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, 
            we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your PI from our records, unless 
            an exception applies.  We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to:   Complete the transaction for which we collected the PI, provide a good or service 
                that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business 
                relationship with you or otherwise perform our contract with you.  Detect security incidents; protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity; or 
                prosecute those responsible for such activities.  Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.  Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights or 
                exercise another right provided for by law.  Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 seq. ).  Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical or statistical research in the public interest 
                that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information's deletion may 
                likely render impossible or seriously impair the research's achievement, if you previously provided 
                informed consent.  Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your 
                relationship with us.  Comply with a legal obligation.  Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in 
                which you provided it.   Exercising Access, Data Portability and Deletion Rights  To exercise the access, data portability and deletion rights described in the Access to Specific Information 
            and Data Portability Rights and Deletion Request Rights sections, please submit a verifiable consumer 
            request to us by either:   Calling us at 1-800-WOLFRAM (965-3726).  Emailing us at myprivacy@wolfram.com .   Only you or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your 
            behalf may make a verifiable consumer request related to your PI. You may also make a 
            verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.  You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month 
            period. The verifiable consumer request must:   Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we 
                collected PI or an authorized representative.  Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate and 
                respond to it.   We cannot respond to your request or provide you with PI if we cannot verify your 
            identity or authority to make the request and confirm the PI relates to you. Making a 
            verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use PI 
            provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make 
            the request.  Response Timing and Format  We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt. If we require more 
            time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. If you have an 
            account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. If you do not have an account with us, 
            we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option. Any disclosures we provide will 
            only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request's receipt. The response we 
            provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability 
            requests, we will select a format to provide your PI that is readily useable and should 
            allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.  We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, 
            repetitive or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we 
            made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.  Non-Discrimination  We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, 
            we will not:   Deny you goods or services.  Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or 
                other benefits, or imposing penalties.  Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.  Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or 
                quality of goods or services.   Changes to Our Privacy Notice  We reserve the right to amend this privacy notice at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes 
            to this privacy notice, we will notify you by email or through a notice on our website home page.  Contact Information  If you have any questions or comments about this notice, our Privacy Statement, the ways in which we 
            collect and use your PI, or your choices and rights regarding such use or wish to exercise 
            your rights under California law, please do not hesitate to contact us at:  Phone: 1-800-WOLFRAM (965-3726) Website: www.wolfram.com Email: myprivacy@wolfram.com Postal Address: Wolfram Companies Attn: Legal Department 100 Trade Center Drive Champaign, IL 61820 USA   Effective January 1, 2020     Legal    Privacy Policies    Wolfram  Wolfram|Alpha  Data Retention  CCPA Addendum      Terms of Use    Wolfram Research  Wolfram|Alpha  Wolfram|Alpha Pro  Wolfram|Alpha API  Wolfram ID  Wolfram Engine  Wolfram Cloud  Wolfram Enterprise Private Cloud  Wolfram Programming Lab  Wolfram Community  Wolfram Connected Devices Project  Wolfram Demonstrations Project  Mathworld  WolframTones  Wolfram Science  Wolfram Research Screensavers and Wallpapers  Wolfram User Portal  Wolfram Chat      License Agreements    Wolfram Mathematica  Wolfram Desktop  Wolfram SystemModeler  Wolfram SystemModeler Library  Wolfram Finance Platform  Wolfram|Alpha Notebook Edition  Wolfram Raspberry Pi Bundle  Wolfram Player  webMathematica Professional  webMathematica Amateur  WolframTones  MathLink  J/Link  Wolfram|Alpha Toolbar  Wolfram Application Pack  Other      Publishing and Submissions    Wolfram Challenges  Wolfram Competitions  Wolfram Data Repository  Wolfram Demonstrations  Wolfram Resource System      Service Level Agreements    Enterprise Support      Accessibility    Wolfram Mathematica  Wolfram CDF Player (desktop deployment)  Wolfram SystemModeler               Products  Wolfram|One  Mathematica  Wolfram|Alpha Notebook Edition  Programming Lab  Wolfram|Alpha Pro  Mobile Apps  Finance Platform  SystemModeler  Wolfram Player  Wolfram Engine  WolframScript  Wolfram Workbench  Volume & Site Licensing  Enterprise Private Cloud  View all...      Services  Technical Services  Corporate Consulting    For Customers  Online Store  Product Registration  Product Downloads  Service Plans Benefits  User Portal  Your Account    Support  Support FAQ  Customer Service  Contact Support      Learning  Wolfram Language Documentation  Wolfram Language Introductory Book  Fast Introduction for Programmers  Fast Introduction for Math Students  Webinars & Training  Wolfram U  Summer Programs  Videos  Books      Public Resources  Wolfram|Alpha  Demonstrations Project  Resource System  Connected Devices Project  Wolfram Data Drop  Wolfram + Raspberry Pi  Wolfram Science  Computer-Based Math  MathWorld  Hackathons  Computational Thinking  View all...      Company  Announcements  Events  About Wolfram  Careers  Contact    Connect  Wolfram Community  Wolfram Blog  Newsletter        © 2020  Wolfram . All rights reserved.     Legal & Privacy Policy  Site Map  WolframAlpha.com  WolframCloud.com         Enable JavaScript to interact with content and submit forms on Wolfram websites. Learn how »    