You need to enable JavaScript to run this app. XFINITY For California residents only Why is this limited to California residents? Effective January 1, 2020, The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) gives California residents the right to 1) access certain personal information that a business has collected about them during the prior 12 months and to 2) request deletion of their personal information. I certify that I am, or the person for whom I am making a request is, a resident of California and in accordance with CCPA am/is entitled to a copy of any personal information collected by Comcast. I understand that, before I submit a request to access any personal information, I will be required to declare, under penalty of perjury, that the information I provide is accurate. Continue Cancel Frequently Asked Questions Why do I have to make a declaration under penalty of perjury? In order for us to respond to a request to access the specific pieces of personal information we collect and maintain about someone, we are required by law to verify the identity of the consumer making the request to a reasonably high degree of certainty. This includes our standard authentication and verification process, as well as your declaration under penalty of perjury that you are the consumer whose personal information is the subject of the request. The law requires us to maintain these declarations as part of our record-keeping obligations. In the event of any allegations of improper requests, this information will be provided to appropriate law enforcement officials.  By clicking the checkbox above, what does that mean? When you click the checkbox above, this indicates that you are providing your electronic signature to the declaration under penalty of perjury. You can learn more about the use of electronic records and signatures here .  ©2020 Comcast Cal. Civ. Code §1798.135: Do Not Sell My Info Privacy Policy Privacy Center You've been idle for 15 minutes For your security, your Privacy Center session has timed out.  You can start over any time.  Continue