AnalyticsIQ Privacy Policy
1. INTRODUCTION
This AnalyticsIQ Privacy Policy (also referred to as the ‘Privacy Policy’) informs
consumers (‘you’) on the collection, use, sharing, and selling (collectively referred to as
‘processing’ or ‘process’) of your personal information in connection with AnalyticsIQ’s
services. This Privacy Policy also explains your privacy rights in relation to these
processing activities.
As used in this Privacy Policy, ‘personal information’ or ‘personal data’ means
information that relates to an identified individual or to an identifiable individual. For
example, this could include among other things your name, address, email address,
past purchase behavior or information regarding your interests. Personal information
about you that AnalyticsIQ may process is also referred to as ‘information about you.’
This Privacy Policy was last updated on March 30, 2020. However, the Privacy Policy
can change over time, for example, to comply with legal requirements or to meet
changing business needs.
2. SCOPE
The Privacy Policy applies to AnalyticsIQ’s processing of information about you.
This data is provided to AnalyticsIQ by our third-party data suppliers to enable our
customers and partners to market products and services to consumers.
The Privacy Policy does not apply to the following activities:
• First-party information collected about you by AnalyticsIQ customers. Our
customers are responsible for their own personal information collection
practices and use of this information for marketing and other purposes. To find
out more about our customers’ use of first-party information about you, you are
encouraged to review the relevant privacy policy of the company who collected
your information from you or is sending you advertising. Please consult that
company if you have any further questions about its use of information.
• Data collected for AnalyticsIQ’s own direct marketing purposes. For
information about AnalyticsIQ’s processing activities with regard to your
personal information collected on AnalyticsIQ websites and applications and
used for AnalyticsIQ’s own direct marketing purposes, please refer to our
website at https://analytics-iq.com/privacy-policy.
3. WHICH CATEGORIES AND SPECIFIC PIECES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
DO WE PROCESS?
AnalyticsIQ may process information about you, including information from publicly
available sources or third-party data providers.
• Information about you is obtained by AnalyticsIQ from its offline partners and
other third parties who may not have a direct relationship with you who collect
information from their offline sources.
Information about you may in some cases directly identify you, while in other cases it
may only indirectly identify you. Personal information that is collected offline and that
can directly identify you may include, for example:
• Name and physical address, email addresses, and telephone numbers;
• Demographic attributes, when tied to other information that identifies you;
• Company data such as the name, size and location of the company you work for
and your role within the company;
• Data from marketing opt-in lists, consumer surveys, or publicly available
information;
• Derived latitude/longitude from a physical address.
We may associate personal information about you with our Audiences Segments or
Profiles as part of the provision of AnalyticsIQ services to our customers and partners:
• Audience Segments are a specific group of consumers that are likely to share a
common behavior, preference or lifestyle used for direct marketing by our
customers.
o Example: You are likely in-market for a new mini-van so you are in the
AnalyticsIQ Audience Segment for “In-Market for a Mini-Van”
• Profiles are a set of attributes about a specific consumer or device, or a set of
multiple consumers or devices sharing common attributes used for marketing by
our customers.
o Example: age bracket 25-45; children in the home; enjoys family cruises;
in-market for new mini-van
4. FOR WHAT COMMERCIAL OR BUSINESS PURPOSE DO WE USE YOUR
PERSONAL INFORMATION?
a) We use personal information to help enable AnalyticsIQ’s customers and partners to
market product and services to you via offline and online marketing activities. More
specifically, AnalyticsIQ can process information about you:
i. For advertising on behalf of our AnalyticsIQ customers.
▪ Example: A marketing professional working for an auto company wants to
market the company’s new mini-van to a specific group of individuals 
(also known as an audience) that may be interested in the vehicle. The
marketing professional uses AnalyticsIQ to create an audience likely to
be in-market for a new mini-van who are also parents to young children. If
you are in the audience, you may subsequently see advertisements for
the mini-van, such as direct mail piece or an online ad.
ii. For enabling our AnalyticsIQ customers to personalize their products and
services, including site optimization, email personalization and dynamic
marketing and advertising optimization.
▪ Example: If you are in AnalyticsIQ’s predictive audience segment for
those who are likely to be in-market for a new mini-van, when you visit an
auto company’s website, the auto company may display messaging on
their website or in a display ad that highlights their new mini-van model.
iii. For creating modelled audiences for AnalyticsIQ customers’ products and
services.
▪ Example: A marketing professional working for an automotive company
wants to find new potential customers who are likely to be interested in
purchasing a new mini-van. AnalyticsIQ can help the auto company by
identifying key characteristics between the Profiles of those who have
recently purchased a new mini-van and other Profiles where a similar
interest can be inferred based on these characteristics.
iv. For campaign measurement, analytics, and development of insights on
behalf of our AnalyticsIQ customers.
▪ Example: A marketing professional working for an automotive company
wants to better understand if the company’s marketing campaign for a
new mini-van model led to an increase in their vehicle sales among new
parents. The marketing professional appends AnalyticsIQ audience
segment of “new parents” to their conversion data to understand how
many new parents were among those who purchased the mini-van
model.
v. To enable AnalyticsIQ customers and partners to connect your Audience
Segments across the various browsers and/or devices you may use for the
purposes described in this section.
▪ Example: You use several devices (your desktop, smartphone, and
tablet) to browse the web. Using your web activity and user-supplied
login information, AnalyticsIQ’s onboarding and linkage partners have
indicated that you are likely the same user across those same devices.
An automotive company is now able to display mini-van offers to you (via
a de-identified cookie ID or mobile ad ID, for example) on these different
devices by targeting AnalyticsIQ’s Audience Segments.
b) We use personal information for the business purpose of complying with applicable
laws and regulations and to operate our business.
5. WHEN AND HOW CAN WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Sharing with or selling to third parties
We may share personal information with or sell personal information to the following
third parties for a commercial purpose:
• AnalyticsIQ customers and partners, such as marketers, ad agencies, onboarders,
web publishers, connected TV providers, demand side platforms, data
management platforms, supply-side platforms and social media networks; and
• third-party service providers as necessary to perform AnalyticsIQ services on
behalf of AnalyticsIQ.
When third parties are given access to personal information, we will take appropriate
contractual, technical and organizational measures designed to ensure that personal
information is processed only to the extent that such processing is necessary,
consistent with this Privacy Policy and in accordance with applicable law.
6. HOW IS INFORMATION ABOUT YOU SECURED?
AnalyticsIQ has implemented appropriate technical, physical and organizational
measures designed to protect personal information against accidental or unlawful
destruction or accidental loss, damage, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access,
as well as all other forms of unlawful processing.
7. DOES ANALYTICSIQ COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN?
We do not intentionally collect or share personal information of children under 18 years
of age. Further, we prohibit our AnalyticsIQ partners from providing AnalyticsIQ with
personal information from sites directed to children under the age of 18 or from
consumers whose age these companies know to be under the age of 18.
8. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), and other applicable laws and
regulations, individuals in certain jurisdictions may have data subject rights enabling
them to opt-out of third party sharing or selling, delete or remove, or request to access
and receive a copy of the categories of their personal information in AnalyticsIQ’s
possession or for which AnalyticsIQ is otherwise responsible.
Access information about you
• To request access to your information, please fill in the One Trust request form
linked here. While the majority of offline data access requests can be handled
quickly, complex requests may take more research and time. In such cases, you
will be contacted regarding the nature of the request and appropriate next steps
within 45 days from the date of receipt of your request. During the request 
process, you will be asked to verify your identity. To protect everyone’s
information, we cannot provide access to offline data unless AnalyticsIQ can
verify the identity of the individual making the request. AnalyticsIQ only
processes offline data on residents within the United States. We cannot provide
offline first-party information that is collected and maintained by our customers. If
you have questions in regards to first-party information, AnalyticsIQ recommends
that you contact directly the company that collected it from you.
Opt-out or request to delete information about you
AnalyticsIQ offers multiple ways for you to opt-out of third party sharing or selling and
object to our use of information about you:
• AnalyticsIQ Marketing Cookie Opt-out
o We use Google tools for our own company’s site analysis, personalization
and ad retargeting purposes. Control your third-party cookie settings,
including Google permissions, by heading to the Digital Advertising
Alliance’s Consumer Choice Tool located here.
• AnalyticsIQ Company Emails Opt-out
o To opt-out of communications directly from AnalyticsIQ, click
“unsubscribe” on our marketing communications, or email info@analyticsiq.com with the subject line ‘Opt-Out’.
• AnalyticsIQ Marketing Database Opt-out and/or Deletion Request
o Any consumer may choose to opt-out of any future sales of their
information from our marketing database. Any consumer may also choose
to have us delete from our marketing database the information we have
collected about them. To submit your request, provide the required
information through the One Trust portal linked here. As needed,
AnalyticsIQ may request additional information from you to verify your
identity.
Please note that if you opt out or request deletion, you may still temporarily see
advertising from AnalyticsIQ’s customers based on their targeting of our Audience
Segments from campaigns that are already underway. However, you will be deleted or
opted-out of all future advertising campaigns from customers that use our marketing
data.
9. WHAT ARE YOUR RIGHTS UNDER THE CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY
ACT (CCPA)?
If you are a California resident, you may request that we:
1. Disclose to you the following information covering the 12 months preceding your
request:
• the categories and specific pieces of personal information we collected about
you and the categories of personal information we sold (see Section 3);
• the categories of sources from which we collected such personal information
(see Section 3);
• the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal
information about you (see Section 4); and
• the categories of third parties to whom we sold or otherwise disclosed
personal information (see Section 5).
2. Delete personal information we collected from you (see Section 8); or
3. Opt-out of any future sale of personal information about you (see Section 8).
We will respond to your request consistent with applicable law.
10. HOW TO CONTACT ANALYTICSIQ IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS, COMMENTS
OR COMPLAINTS
If you believe your personal information has been used in a way that is not consistent
with the Privacy Policy, current regulations such as CCPA or your choices, or if you
have further questions, comments or suggestions related to this Privacy Policy, please
contact the AnalyticsIQ privacy compliance team in writing, addressed to:
AnalyticsIQ Corporation
Attn: Privacy Compliance Team
6 Concourse Parkway, Suite 1750
Atlanta, GA 30028
info@analytics-iq.com
Last Updated 3/30/2020