           HOME   OFFERINGS    POLITICS  ADVOCACY  COMMERCIAL    CAREERS  CONTACT US       Privacy Notice for California Residents  Last updated: December 31, 2019  This Privacy Notice for California Residents (the “ Notice ”) supplements the information contained in our Privacy Policy and applies only if you reside in the State of California (i.e. if you are a “ California
      Consumer ”).  For purposes of this Notice “Sell,” “Selling,” “Sale,” or “Sold,” means selling, renting, releasing, disclosing, 
    disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by 
    electronic or other means, Personal Information to another business or a third party for monetary or other 
    valuable consideration.  “Verifiable Request” means that the identifying information provided by a California Consumer in 
    connection with a request matches the personal information of the California Consumer already 
    maintained by us. Identifying information you can submit in order to permit Applecart to verify your request 
    may include your first, middle, and last name, date of birth, current residential zip-code and past three 
    residential zip-codes.  a) Information We Collect  In the past twelve (12) months, Project Applecart, LLC (“Applecart”, “we”, or “us”) has collected 
      the following categories of Personal Information regarding California residents:   Identifiers (names, physical addresses, email addresses, phone numbers, online 
        identification numbers, and online account names);  Demographic information (age, race, gender, marital status, religious affiliation, 
        military/veteran status, and national origin/ancestry);  Visual information (images, photographs, or profile pictures);  Posts and profiles on social media platforms;  Commercial information (property ownership information);  Education information; and  Employment information;   Applecart obtains this Personal Information from the following types of sources: (a) publicly 
      available government records, (b) information made freely available by individuals via a variety of online 
      platforms, (c) information we acquire and gain rights to use through our contracted service providers, and 
      (d) off-line freely available sources such as books and periodicals.  b) Use of Personal Information  Applecart may use the Personal Information we collect for one or more of the following “Business Purpose(s):”   Informed targeted commercial marketing and political consulting services we provide to our 
        customers, the end result of which may include the delivery of messages (by Applecart or our 
        service providers) to you  To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or 
        governmental regulations  To respond to your requests under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (the “CCPA”); and  For any other acceptable purposes as set forth in the CCPA.   Unless we update this Notice to reflect otherwise, we will not collect additional categories of Personal 
        Information, nor use the Personal Information we collect for any other materially different, unrelated, or 
        incompatible purposes.  c) Sharing Personal Information  Within the last 12 months Applecart has disclosed your Personal Information as described in this 
      Notice.  Applecart discloses Personal Information to third parties for a Business Purpose.  When we disclose 
      Personal Information for a Business Purpose, we enter into an agreement with the receiving party that 
      describes the purpose for sharing the Personal Information, and that requires the receiving party to keep 
      that Personal Information confidential and not use it for any purpose other than performing the services 
      according to the agreement.  We may disclose your Personal Information to: our service providers.  Applecart does not Sell any Personal Information about California Consumers.  Applecart’s 
      targeted commercial marketing and political consulting services do not require any disclosure of Personal 
      Information to Applecart’s customers.  d) Your Rights and Choices  If you are a California Consumer, you may request information about our collection, use, disclosure 
      and Sale of your Personal Information over the past twelve (12) months, whether or not it was collected 
      electronically. If you submit a Verifiable Request, we will disclose:   (a)	the categories of Personal Information we have collected about you; the categories of sources from 
        which your Personal Information was collected; our business or commercial purpose for collecting 
        or Selling your Personal Information; the categories of third parties with whom we share that 
        Personal Information; and the specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you; and  (b)	if we disclosed your Personal Information for a Business Purpose: what categories of Personal 
        Information we disclosed for a Business Purpose, and to which categories of recipients we disclosed 
        it to.   You also have the right to request that we delete any of your Personal Information that we collect 
      or maintain by submitting a Verifiable Request. We may deny your deletion request if retaining your 
      Personal Information is necessary for us or our service providers to:   Complete the transaction for which we collected your Personal Information;  Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, 
        or prosecute those responsible for such activities;  Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;  Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their right of free speech, 
        or exercise another right provided for by law;  Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.);  Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest 
        that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may 
        likely render impossible or seriously impair the achievement of such research, if you previously 
        provided informed consent;  Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations;  Comply with a legal obligation; or  Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in 
        which we obtained it.   If you choose to exercise a privacy right under the CCPA, you have the right not to receive 
      discriminatory treatment.  You may submit a Verifiable Request for the information listed above, or exercise any of your rights 
      enumerated under this Notice, by calling us at 1-866-I-OPT-OUT (1-866-467-8688) and entering service 
      code 722# or by completing a form on our website at applecart.co/privacyrights . You may also submit a 
      Verifiable Request on behalf of your minor child.  After we receive your Verifiable Request, we will provide to you, in writing and free of charge 
      (unless your request is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded), the requested information for the 
      12-month period preceding your request. You can choose to have this information delivered to you by 
      postal mail or electronically. We will try to respond to your verified request within forty-five (45) days of 
      receipt, but if we require more time (up to another forty-five (45) days) we will inform you of the reason 
      and extension period in writing. Please note that we are not required to comply with your request for 
      information more than twice each year. If applicable, our response will explain the reasons why we cannot 
      comply with your request.  As explained above, Applecart does not and will not, without first obtaining your consent, Sell your 
      Personal Information.  Should you choose to exercise any of the rights enumerated under this Notice, we will not:   Deny you goods or services;  Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or 
        other benefits, or imposing penalties;  Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services; or  Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level 
        or quality of goods or services.   Finally, Applecart can share the following metrics regarding the CCPA requests it has received 
      during the past calendar year:  For calendar year 2019:   Number of requests to know received: 0  Number of requests to know complied with, in whole or in part: 0  Number of requested to know denied: 0  Number of requests to delete received: 0  Number of requests to delete complied with, in whole or in part: 0  Number of requested to delete denied: 0  Number of requests to opt-out received: 0  Number of requests to opt-out complied with, in whole or in part: 0  Number of requested to opt-out denied: 0  Median number of days to respond substantively to all requests: N/A   e) Questions  To ask questions about our Privacy Policy, contact us at:   Project Applecart, LLC  234 W 39th Street, 5th Floor, New York, NY 10018  Email: privacy@applecart.co                   © Applecart 2019 | Privacy Policy        