   open SOLUTIONS & SERVICES  Identity Solutions  Identity Verification Knowledge-Based Authentication Know Your Customer Credit Risk Solutions  Alternative Credit Data Credit Invisibles Model Compliance Pricing Optimization Fraud Risk Management  Account Takeover Fraud First-Party Fraud Fraud Rings Synthetic Identity Fraud Consulting Services  Best Practices Training Strategy Design and Health Checks INDUSTRIES  Automotive Lending Communications Credit Card Government Online Lending Retail Banking OUR BUSINESS MODEL  Data Consortium Personal Topology ABOUT US  Management Team Careers News Room Partners Contact Us  BLOG RESOURCES Contact Us ID:A LABS  ID Analytics / Privacy Policy ID Analytics, LLC Privacy Policy  Effective Date: December 31, 2014 Date of Last Revision: December 20, 2019 ID Analytics, LLC (“IDA”, “we”, “our” or “us”) has developed this Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) to help you understand how we treat information gathered on this website (the “Site”).  Scope of this Policy This Policy only applies to information we collect through the Site and related websites or mobile platforms, if any, that contain a link to this Policy (each, a “Service”). A Service may also have supplemental terms, including those relating to privacy, which will be provided in additional notices. This Policy does not apply to services that are not provided through the Site, to other websites, applications, or platforms that are not linked to the Site or which are maintained or operated by third parties, such as social media features, or to information we collect from third party sources outside the Site.  Collected Information The information we collect about you on the Site is either gathered automatically when you access and use the Site or is voluntarily provided by you, such as when you register for a webinar. Information is automatically collected through a variety of technologies, such as cookies, log files, web beacons, pixel tags, server logs, and customer relationship management tools. This includes, for example: Pages you view on the Site; Your Computer connection, device information, and IP address; Emails from us that you open or forward; and Links you click on or connect to. Additionally, we collect information, including information that may identify you (“Personal Information”), when you provide it through the Site. This includes, for example: Contact information, such as name, email address, postal address, and phone number; Service and communication preferences and interests; Feedback in response to surveys or studies; User name and password; and Background information, such as employer, job title, education, and professional history,  How We Use Your Information We may use your information for a variety of purposes, including: Site demographics; Data analysis and research; Improving and developing the Site; Managing marketing campaigns; Responding to and fulfilling your requests; Providing customized content through features of the Site; Providing you promotional or informational materials; and Complying with legal obligations and resolving disputes. Marketing If you provide us with your email or mailing address, you may receive marketing messages and materials from us, our affiliates or our partners. You may choose not to receive marketing communications. However, we will continue to communicate with you as needed to respond to your inquiries. You can manage communications preferences by using the “opt-out” or unsubscribe mechanism provided within the communications that you receive. You may update your contact information or request changes to your communications preferences by contacting us at marketinginfo@idanalytics.com.  How We Share Your Information We may share your information to accomplish any of the purposes above or as otherwise permitted by applicable law. This includes engaging third party service providers to assist us with Site analytics. These vendors may change from time to time, and the type of information that we share varies by vendor. We may share information about the use of the Site, such as pages viewed, IP address, time of day of viewings, and similar Site statistics. Additionally, we may share Personal Information with our affiliates or partners for a variety of reasons, including: Marketing, advertising, analytics, and other customer service purposes; The sale, purchase, merger, or reorganization of IDA or acquisition or purchase of another entity, including any bankruptcy proceeding; Operating our business, as well as marketing, promotion and communications; In response to or in compliance with any law, regulation, subpoena, or court order; and To investigate misconduct or a crime, security threat, fraud, or to protect our rights, property, or safety. We do not share your information with non-affiliated third parties for their own marketing purposes. We may use or share aggregate or de-identified information for various purposes, including for marketing, advertising, and research purposes, and as otherwise permitted by law.  Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies We currently do not honor browser requests not to be tracked; however, you may limit certain tracking (e.g., through cookies) as described below. We use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect and store information about visitors to the Site. Cookies are commonly used small text files that are stored by your web browser on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies can “remember” a user’s activities on a particular web page and non-affiliated websites. The cookies we use may be “session” cookies that are erased when you leave the Site or they may be “persistent” cookies that remain on your hard drive after you leave the Site. Cookies and similar technologies are used for the following processes: Administering, customizing, and improving the Site; Personalizing the browsing experience; Advertising, promotions, and surveys; and Tracking and analyzing user preferences and trends. There are a number of ways to manage cookies. The “help” portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting cookies, how to be notified when you receive a new browser cookie, and how to disable existing browser cookies. Please note that if you block cookies, you may not be able to register, login, or make full use of the Site. Additionally, we may still collect information about your use of our services and Site. Web Beacons / Gifs We also employ clear gifs (either directly or through one of our third party advertising partners) for Site content analytics. Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier used to track the online movements of Web users. Clear gifs, unlike cookies, are embedded invisibly on Web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. We also use clear gifs in our HTML-based emails to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications, including our marketing campaigns.  Third Party Ad Networks We contract with third parties to display advertisements for our services on other websites. These third party ad network providers, advertisers, sponsors, and/or traffic measurement services may use a variety of technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content to you. These third party technologies are governed by each third party’s specific privacy policy. We may provide these third-party advertisers with information about your use of the Site and services, as well as aggregate or non-personally identifiable information about visitors to the Site and users of our service. You may, however, opt-out of many third-party ad networks, including those operated by members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) and the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”). For more information regarding this practice by NAI members and DAA members, and your choices regarding having this information used by these companies, including how to opt-out of third-party ad networks operated by NAI and DAA members, please visit their respective websites: www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp (NAI) and www.aboutads.info/choices (DAA). Opting out of one or more NAI member or DAA member networks, many of which will be the same, only means that those members no longer will deliver targeted content or ads to you. It does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content or ads on the Site or other websites. For example, you may continue to receive advertisements based on the particular website that you are viewing. Also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit this opt-out page, or you subsequently erase your cookies, use a different computer, or change web browsers, your NAI or DAA opt-out may no longer be effective. Additional information is available on NAI’s and DAA’s websites, listed above.  How We Protect Your Information The security of your Personal Information is important to us, and we enacted a variety of technical, physical, and procedural measures to help secure it. Despite our mutual efforts, you understand and agree that perfect security does not exist and understand that there is an inherent risk in providing and receiving services over the internet. If you have questions about our security you may contact us at DL-IDA-Info-Sec@symantec.com. Third Party Websites The Site may contain links to third-party websites, including third-party referral websites or websites providing banner ads or “click-throughs.” We do not control and are not responsible for their privacy practices. Children’s Privacy The Site is not intended for the use by anyone under the age of eighteen. Other than as specifically described herein, we do not want or intend to collect or request Personal Information from anyone under the age of eighteen.  Manage Your Information We will retain your information for as long as needed to provide the services for which it was collected or as required or permitted by law. Additionally, in some circumstances, you may request removal of inaccurate information that we have about you. Please allow thirty days for a response. If you have any questions about this Policy or our use of your information, you may contact us at: ID Analytics, LLC 15253 Avenue of Science San Diego, CA 92128  Changes to This Policy We reserve the right to revise or modify this Policy. In such event, we will post those modifications on the Site and, if the changes include additional use of your personal information in a manner inconsistent with this Policy, and where required by applicable law, we will either notify you or provide you an opportunity to opt out of such use.  Special Notice to California Consumers If you are a California resident, you may once annually request information regarding the disclosure of your Personal Information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. We may share your Personal Information with our affiliates for direct marketing, but we do not share it with third parties. You may request a list of our affiliates by contacting us at ID Analytics, LLC, Attn.: Marketing, 15253 Avenue of Science, San Diego, CA 92128. In your request, please attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for your response. Please allow thirty days for a response.  California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) Notice IDA provides products to institutions to prevent against fraud and control for institutional risk.  Any personal information of a California consumer that IDA receives, processes, and/or discloses is done pursuant to the federal Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and implementing regulations.  Note that IDA does not collect, maintain, disclose, communicate, and/or use personal information of minors.  Ready to Learn More?  Contact Us © 2020 ID Analytics , LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Legal Terms & Notices Site Map  Socialize with us SOLUTIONS & SERVICES INDUSTRIES OUR BUSINESS MODEL ABOUT US           