As a consumer reporting agency governed by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA), and other applicable state and federal laws,
InCheck, Inc. (“InCheck”) is committed to protecting your right to privacy.
This Privacy Policy covers InCheck’s practices and policies regarding the receipt, storage, and use of “Personally Identifiable
Information.” This policy also covers the receipt of certain information through InCheck’s public website and otherwise.
All information obtained by InCheck will be collected, stored, and used in compliance with applicable laws, including the FCRA.
Information Collection For Background Screening Purposes
InCheck will only collect “Personally Identifiable Information” about you if you voluntarily choose to provide such information
to InCheck and/or in connection with a background check authorized by you and/or applicable laws. “Personally Identifiable
Information” that InCheck may collect about you through our website or otherwise may include, but is not limited, to: name,
address, email address, phone number, date of birth, birthplace, driver’s license number, social security number, employer,
employment details, and information regarding prior criminal proceedings, civil proceedings, or credit activities.
Use of Information
Where InCheck requests “Personally Identifiable Information” from you, it will inform you about the purpose for collecting that
information at the time of collection, and the information will be used only in the manner specified by InCheck when it is collected,
unless you consent to another use.
If you have provided “Personally Identifiable Information” to InCheck in connection with a background screen ordered by a client
of InCheck, InCheck may use such information to conduct a background screen for that client. InCheck will verify that its client
has provided the necessary certification under the FCRA and/or other applicable law prior to using your information to conduct
a background screen. Such certification will include a statement that InCheck’s client has a legally permissible purpose for
ordering the background screen and that it has, where appropriate under applicable law, obtained your informed consent to
conduct the background screen.
Personal Information Disclosure: United States or Overseas
InCheck will not disclose your personal information to a third party, except in accordance with applicable laws.
Typically, InCheck will only disclose personal information regarding the subject of a background check to a third party in the
following situations:
• To an employer or prospective employer who has been authorized by the consumer to receive information about him or her.
• To a landlord or property owner who has been authorized by the consumer to receive information about him or her.
• To a third party representative or subcontractor of InCheck to assist in the background screening investigation
(e.g. providers that support or host this website or otherwise provide technical assistance, as well as court researchers
and other service vendors).
• As otherwise required by law.
Where InCheck transfers personal information to a representative or third party subcontractor assisting with a background
check, InCheck provides only the information required to assist with the background check. InCheck prohibits such third-party
representatives and subcontractors from using consumer information for any purpose other than assisting InCheck with the
background check. InCheck also contractually requires such third party representatives and subcontractors to maintain
commercially reasonable measures to protect the confidentiality of consumer information they receive.
Generally, InCheck does not transfer information to third parties outside of the United States or its territories. Such transfers
would be done if necessary to complete an international background check (e.g., conducting an international criminal check
or verifying educational or employment records outside of the U.S.).
If InCheck or its assets are acquired by another company, that company will assume responsibility for the personal information
collected by InCheck through the website, and it will assume the rights and obligations regarding the collection and use of such
information, as described in this Privacy Policy. InCheck will not permit another business in such a circumstance to review or
examine the information InCheck has collected without a confidentiality agreement in place and only to the extent required by law.
Data Security
InCheck utilizes Secure Socket Layer (SSL) data encryption when data is transmitted over the Internet to the website.
InCheck also utilizes layered firewalls and other security technologies to prevent unauthorized access. InCheck also has other
administrative, technical, and physical safeguards in place designed to protect the information that InCheck collects from you
through the website. Access to “Personally Identifiable Information” is limited to those InCheck employees who need access
in order to carry out their job responsibilities.
When data is ready to be destroyed or disposed of, InCheck will follow all applicable laws and regulations and take measures
to ensure that all such records and data are destroyed and unrecoverable.
Access to certain portions of InCheck’s website is restricted to InCheck’s clients only, and requires a user login and password.
On these web pages, InCheck collects only information that the client voluntarily provides to InCheck, such as the information
requested on a new client application form. This information is used for internal purposes only or as otherwise described
in this Privacy Policy.
Links
InCheck’s website may provide links to third-party websites. These websites are outside of InCheck’s control and are not covered
by this Privacy Policy. If you have questions about how another website may use your information, please consult that website’s
privacy policy.
Children Under Age 13
InCheck does not offer services to children under the age of 13, and InCheck’s website is not directed to children
under the age of 13.
Access and Correction
InCheck strives to maintain the accuracy and integrity of the information collected through the website. If you have provided
“Personally Identifiable Information” to InCheck while browsing the public website and desire to access or update such
information, please email us at intouch@incheck.net.
If you are an InCheck client with a registered account, you may review and update your information by logging into your
account. If you are an individual on whom InCheck’s client has requested a background screening investigation, and you have
submitted “Personally Identifiable Information” to InCheck at the request of such client for purposes of the background screening
investigation, you may review your InCheck file in accordance with your file disclosure rights under the FCRA, California Civil
Code Section 1786.22 or any other applicable law by contacting InCheck at intouch@incheck.net.
Policy Changes and Additional Information
InCheck may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. If InCheck makes any material changes to the Privacy Policy,
the date of the most recent revision will be stated on the Privacy Policy so you can determine whether there have been
any material changes since your last review of the Privacy Policy.
Contact Information Regarding Privacy Policy
To obtain additional information regarding our privacy practices, or to obtain information regarding policies in the event
of a compromise of your personal information, please contact: