     Skip Navigation    Prod V.1.19.0     Navigation    cart    Close   Data    Data Overview  Education  K-12 Education  Childcare  Libraries    Data Overview  Healthcare  Hospitals  Medical Practices  Dental Practices  Nursing Home Retirement Home and Assisted Living  Other Healthcare    Data Overview  Government  Government Office  Fire and Ambulance  Jails, Correctional Institutions, Sheriff Departments  Police and Highway Patrol    Data Overview  Religion  Churches      Services    Services Overview  Deployment    Services Overview  Analytics / IT Services    Services Overview  Integration      About    About Overview  Leadership    About Overview  History    About Overview  Blog    About Overview  Careers      Contact      Blog  Resources  COVID-19 Updates  Cart    Build List    Login    Open Menu       Close  Industries   Education  Healthcare  Government  Religion    Data  Services  About  Contact  Blog  Resources  COVID-19 Updates  List Documentation    Build List  Login           California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA - Submit Case  Please fill out this form if you wish to exercise your Right to Opt Out of the Sale of all personal information that MCH has
                collected on you over the past 12 months. Please note that information collected from publicly available government sources is exempt from your
                right to Opt Out and we may continue to collect and sell such information. Only you or a person authorized to act on your behalf, may
                make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. If you wish to designate an authorized agent to act on your behalf,
                you may do so. However, you will need to provide your authorized agent with the information necessary to verify your identity and / or provide your
                authorized agent with the ability to respond to our inquiry directed to you.  The CCPA law does not permit us to respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request
                and confirm that the personal information relates to you. There may be multiple people with your name in our database. To help us accurately
                identify you and provide you with the correct information, please answer the questions on our request form. To accurately identify personal
                information related to you, we need additional details. The information you provide will only be used to fulfill your CCPA request.   More information about MCH's privacy policies and information about the data we collect can be found in our privacy policy section of this website.
                If you do not wish to fill out our online form, or need help filling out our online form, you may contact us by phone at (833)-931-6285.       E-mail Address    Are you a resident of the state of California?   Yes    No   Submit           Close   Login     Login Form   Email     Password    Login    Forgot Password?  Create Account         Close     Create Account   Create Account Form   Email Address    Email address already exists, please either login or try a different email address.  Email address has been disabled by MCH. Please contact us in order to resolve this issue.   Password     Confirm Password      Captcha is required.     Signup      Need help?  Login        What People Are Saying  Previous   "MCH has proven to be a true partner. Their team provided us with a variety of tools to allow us to easily access quality education data. We appreciate their excellent customer service and technical support."  Liz Petersen  Marketing Manager Museum of Science   "We buy from MCH Strategic Data on a regular basis having been impressed from the start with how helpful the team is with our initial data requests to processing the orders quickly."  Victoria Lysons  Head of Marketing - Cardea Solutions   "MCH was invaluable in helping me determine the list that would best fit my company, in addition to staying within my budget."  Angie Taylor  TNT Fundraising LLC   "Since switching to MCH, we’ve seen a drastic increase of metrics across the board –open rates, click through rates and our leads gathered through capture forms are much higher."  Adam Bowers  Marketing Specialist Rakuten OverDrive   "MCH has proven to be a true partner. Their team provided us with a variety of tools to allow us to easily access quality education data. We appreciate their excellent customer service and technical support."  Liz Petersen  Marketing Manager Museum of Science   "We buy from MCH Strategic Data on a regular basis having been impressed from the start with how helpful the team is with our initial data requests to processing the orders quickly."  Victoria Lysons  Head of Marketing - Cardea Solutions   "MCH was invaluable in helping me determine the list that would best fit my company, in addition to staying within my budget."  Angie Taylor  TNT Fundraising LLC   "Since switching to MCH, we’ve seen a drastic increase of metrics across the board –open rates, click through rates and our leads gathered through capture forms are much higher."  Adam Bowers  Marketing Specialist Rakuten OverDrive   "MCH has proven to be a true partner. Their team provided us with a variety of tools to allow us to easily access quality education data. We appreciate their excellent customer service and technical support."  Liz Petersen  Marketing Manager Museum of Science   Next      Our Partners  Previous   Next  Next         Data  Education  Healthcare  Government  Religion    Services  Deployment  Analytics / IT Services  Integrations    About  Leadership  History  Blog  Careers    Contact    Headquarters  601 E. Marshall St. Sweet Springs, MO 65351  Phone 800-776-6373  Email info@mchdata.com    Technology Center  8400 W 110th St. Suite 220 Overland Park, KS 66210  Phone 800-776-6373  Email info@mchdata.com       Start making your list now  Build List          Facebook  Twitter  LinkedIn    CCPA  Privacy Policy  Terms & Conditions  Broker Terms & Conditions  List Documentation          Our website uses cookies to improve user experience. You consent to our cookies if you continue to use our website.  View our Privacy Policy for more information.   Accept       Monitor changes in school closings & re-openings as a result of COVID-19.   View Updates  Close    Return to Top     Close   Resource Request     Resources LeadGen Form   First Name     Last Name     Email     Company        Submit          Close   COVID-19 IMPACT: SCHOOL STATUS UPDATES     School Update Signup Form   First Name     Last Name     Email     Company        Submit          Need More Time?  Due to inactivity, you will be logged out within 5 minutes.  To stay logged in, please select Stay Logged In .   Stay Logged In  Logout             