     Menu  Home Consumer Report Credit Score File Dispute Opt-Out / Opt-In Blocking Security Freeze About Us SageStream, LLC Website Privacy Policy Effective Date: December 31, 2014  Date of Last Revision: December 20, 2019 SageStream, LLC (“SageStream”, “we”, “our” or “us”) has developed this Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) to help you understand how we treat information gathered on this website (the “Site”). Scope of this Policy This Policy only applies to information we collect through the Site and related websites or mobile platforms, if any, that contain a link to this Policy (each, a “Service”). A Service may also have supplemental terms, including those relating to privacy, which will be provided in additional notices. This Policy does not apply to services that are not provided through the Site, to other websites, applications, or platforms that are not linked to the Site or which are maintained or operated by third parties, such as social media features, or to information we collect from third party sources outside the Site. Collected Information The information we collect about you on the Site is gathered automatically when you access and use the Site. Information is automatically collected through a variety of technologies, such as cookies, log files, web beacons, pixel tags, and server logs. This includes, for example: Pages you view on the Site; Your Computer connection, device information, and IP address; and Links you click on or connect to. How we Use Your Information We may use your information collected on the Site for a variety of purposes, including: Site demographics; Data analysis and research; Improving and developing the Site; Providing customized content through features of the Site; and Complying with legal obligations and resolving disputes. How We Share Your Information We may share your information collected via this Site to accomplish any of the purposes above or as otherwise permitted by applicable law. This includes engaging third party service providers to assist us with Site analytics. These vendors may change from time to time, and the type of information that we share varies by vendor. We may share information about the use of the Site, such as pages viewed, IP address, time of day of viewings, and similar Site statistics. We may use or share aggregate or de-identified information for various purposes, including for research purposes and as otherwise permitted by law. Fair Credit Reporting Act (“FCRA”) Obligations – Security freeze, Consumer Reports, Credit Scores, Disputes, Opt-Out Note that under the FCRA, we are required by law to ask for and verify certain of your personal data if you request any of the following: A security freeze or a temporary lift or removal of a freeze from your SageStream consumer report (or if you make such request on behalf of a “protected consumer,” ( e. , a minor child or an incapacitated adult); A copy of your SageStream consumer report or credit score; Disputing the accuracy or completeness of items of information contained in your SageStream consumer file; and Opt-Out/Opt-In of prescreened lists provided by SageStream. We ask for limited personal data in these instances as required by the FCRA, and only use this data to process your request. Note that, except as required to fulfill our obligations under the FCRA, SageStream does not collect, maintain, disclose, communicate, and/or use personal information of minors. Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies We currently do not honor browser requests not to be tracked; however, you may limit certain tracking (e.g., through cookies) as described below. We use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect and store information about visitors to the Site. Cookies are commonly used small text files that are stored by your web browser on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies can “remember” a user’s activities on a particular web page and non-affiliated websites. The cookies we use may be “session” cookies that are erased when you leave the Site or they may be “persistent” cookies that remain on your hard drive after you leave the Site. Cookies and similar technologies are used for the following processes: Administering, customizing, and improving the Site; Personalizing the browsing experience; and Tracking and analyzing user preferences and trends. There are a number of ways to manage cookies. The “help” portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting cookies, how to be notified when you receive a new browser cookie, and how to disable existing browser cookies. Please note that if you block cookies, you may not be able to make full use of the Site. Additionally, we may still collect information about your use of our Site. Web Beacons / Gifs We also employ clear gifs (either directly or through a third party) for Site content analytics. Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier used to track the online movements of Web users. Clear gifs, unlike cookies, are embedded invisibly on Web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. How We Protect Your Information The security of your information is important to us, and we enacted a variety of technical, physical, and procedural measures to help secure it. Despite our mutual efforts, you understand and agree that perfect security does not exist and understand that there is an inherent risk in providing and receiving services over the internet. If you have questions about our security you may contact us at DL-IDA-Info-Sec@symantec.com . Children’s Privacy The Site is not intended for the use by anyone under the age of eighteen. Other than as specifically described herein, we do not want or intend to collect or request personal information from anyone under the age of eighteen. California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) Notice SageStream is a consumer reporting agency regulated under the federal Fair Credit Reporting Act (“FCRA”).  Any personal information of a California consumer that SageStream, as a consumer reporting agency, collects, maintains, discloses, communicates, and/or uses is done pursuant to the FCRA, and is authorized and regulated by the FCRA. Manage Your Information We will retain your information for as long as required or permitted by law. If you have any questions about this Policy or our use of your information, you may contact us at: SageStream, LLC P.O. Box 503793 San Diego, California 92150 Changes to this Policy We reserve the right to revise or modify this Policy. In such event, we will post those modifications on the Site and, if the changes include use of your personal information in a manner inconsistent with this Policy, and where required by applicable law, we will either notify you or provide you an opportunity to opt out of such use. © 2020 SageStream, LLC All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Legal Terms & Notices Contact Us Submit at written request by mail to: SageStream, LLC Consumer Office, P.O. Box 503793, San Diego, CA 92150 or by secured fax at (858) 451-2847. If you need additional assistance, please call (888) 395-0277   