                  Client Log In     Home  Overview  PreBuilt Audiences  Custom Audiences  Platform  Who We Are  Case Studies  News and Insights  Careers  Contact Us  Privacy Policy  Client Log In      California Privacy Rights  Last modified, January 2020  Categories of personal data we collect  We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular California consumer or household (“Personal Data”). As described above, we have collected the following categories of personal data about individuals within the twelve (12) months preceding the effective date of this Privacy Policy:      Categories of Information  Collected      a.  Identifiers such as a real name postal address, and email address  YES    b.  Any categories of personal data described in Cal. Civ. Code 1798.80(e).  YES    c.  Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law.  YES    d.  Commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.  YES    e.  Biometric information, for example imagery of the iris, retina, fingerprint, face, hand, palm, vein patterns, and voice recordings, from which an identifier template, such as a faceprint, a minutiae template, or a voiceprint, can be extracted, and keystroke patterns or rhythms, gait patterns or rhythms, and sleep, health, or excercise data that contain identifying infromation.  NO    f.  Internet or other electronic network activty information, including but not limited, to browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet Web site, application, or advertisement.  YES     For additional information, see The Information We Collect.  Categories of sources
of personal data  We obtain the categories of personal data listed above from
the following categories of sources:  Individuals responding to opinion surveys taken
by third-party market research companies on our behalf. Data sets licensed from third-party vendors who
have lawful access to such information. Our website, software, and platforms. Correspondence received through the “Contact Us” link on our website.  For additional information, see The Information We Collect.   Our business
and commercial purposes for collecting personal data  We use the personal information we collect for our
operational purposes and other purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. Those
purposes may include:  Assisting our clients to communicate with adult
consumers and registered voters in more relevant and meaningful ways about the
topics and issues that matter to them. Making predictions about audiences with similar
characteristics as to how likely the group would be to purchase a certain
product or support a specific political candidate. Undertaking internal research to develop new products
and services and to improve our existing products and services.  In the twelve (12) months preceding the effective date of
this Privacy Statement, we have disclosed the following categories of personal
data of California consumers for a business purpose:  Individual identifiers including name, address,
and telephone number. Information about predicted views on various
issues, politics, and purchases.  For additional information about how we use your
information, see How We Use Information We Receive .  Categories of
third parties with whom we share personal data  For information on where we share personal data, see How we share your information.  Sale of personal information  In the past twelve (12) months, we have sold the following
categories of personal information of California consumers:  Individual identifiers including name, address,
and telephone number. Information about predicted views on various
issues, politics, and purchases.  Your rights under California
law  You have the right to ask us to send you the
following information:  The categories of personal data we have collected about
you. The categories of sources from which we collected the
personal data. Our business or commercial purpose for collecting
personal data. The categories of third parties with whom we share
personal data. The specific pieces of person information the business
has collected about you.  You have the right to ask us to delete the
personal data about you we have collected.  Opting out of the sale of your personal information  If you would like to
request that we do not sell personal information we have collected about you,
please e-mail us a request containing your full name, physical address and
telephone number at ccpa.optout@deeprootanalytics.com .  You may also opt out by calling our dedicated toll-free
number 1-800-285-5485 and providing us with your full name, physical address
and telephone number.  Non-discrimination  Your privacy rights are important. If you exercise your
privacy rights under California law, we will not do any of the following in
retaliation:  Deny
you goods or services. Charge
you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the
use of discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties. Provide
you a different level or quality of goods or services. Suggest
that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a
different level or quality of goods or services.  How California
residents can submit requests  If you are a California resident and you want to submit a
request to us regarding your California rights, you can contact us here ccpa.information@deeprootanalytics.com or call us at 1-800-285-5485. You
do not have to create an account with us to submit a request.  We can only respond to your request if it is verifiable.
This means we are obligated to take reasonable steps to verify your identity
and your right to access the information you request. In order to verify your
identity, please provide us with your name, address, and telephone number when
submitting a request. We will only use information collected in this manner for
the verification process and not for any other purpose.  We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your
verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly
unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell
you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before
completing your request.        Do Not Sell My Personal Information 1600 Wilson Blvd, Suite 330, Arlington, VA 22209 © 2020 |  Deep Root Analytics Privacy Policy  |  202-818-8727           