                 DOWNLOAD  ABOUT  HELP   ADVERTISE   CAREERS  GRINDR FOR EQUALITY  INTO  BLOOP  UNLIMITED    Terms of Service  Privacy Policy  Third-Party Disclosure  Community Guidelines  Contact    FOLLOW US         © 2020 Grindr LLC             DOWNLOAD  ABOUT  HELP   ADVERTISE   CAREERS  GRINDR FOR EQUALITY  INTO  BLOOP  UNLIMITED    Terms of Service  Privacy Policy  Third-Party Disclosure  Community Guidelines  Contact    FOLLOW US         © 2020 Grindr LLC    CLOSE        DOWNLOAD      ABOUT     HELP     MENU              PRIVACY POLICY AND COOKIE POLICY     English   Español(Spain)  Español(Mexico/Latin America)  中文（简体）  中文（繁體）  Français  Deutsch  Nederlands  Indonesia  Italian  日本語  Português(Brazil)  Português(Portugal)  Polish  ไทย  Arabic            GRINDR PRIVACY AND COOKIE POLICY   Welcome to Grindr’s Privacy and Cookie Policy. This explains how Grindr LLC
      (“Grindr” or “we” or “us”) uses, collects, processes, and shares personal
      data, including information obtained through
      the website   https://www.grindr.com   (“ Grindr Site ”), the
      Grindr mobile applications (e.g., Grindr iOS, Grindr iOS Xtra, Grindr Android, Grindr Android Xtra, Grindr Lite,
      Grindr Unlimited)
      (“ Grindr App ”),
      Gaymoji by Grindr (“ Gaymoji ”),
      the website   https://grindrads.com   (“ Grindr Ads ”), the website   https://web.grindr.com   (“ Grindr Web Chat ”), the website   https://intomore.com   (“ INTO Site ”), or the website   https://grindrbloop.com   (“ Bloop Site ” and collectively with the Grindr Site, the Grindr App, Gaymoji, Grindr Ads, Grindr Web Chat, INTO Site,
      as the “ Grindr Services ”).     As a global LGTBQ social networking application, the Grindr App allows you to share sensitive information about
      yourself, including your sexual orientation and precise location, with us (and our necessary service
      providers), and other Grindr users. Some of the services described are not available on all Grindr Services 
      (e.g., Grindr Lite). This Privacy and Cookie Policy also explains how you can control your personal data. 
      We recommend you read this Privacy and Cookie Policy, and our Terms and Conditions , 
      carefully. You can also use the links below to jump to specific information concerning our privacy practices.   Note that Grindr LLC is a U.S.-based company. By using the Grindr Services, you are transmitting information to the United States. 
    If you are a resident of another country, note that the United States may not afford the same privacy protections as 
    your country of residence.     What Personal Data We Collect and Process.    Automated Decision-Making.    How We Share Your Personal Data.    Data Retention.    How We Protect Your Personal Data.    Your Choices.    Your Rights.    For EEA and/or U.K. Data Subjects.    For California Residents.    Cookie Information.    Additional Information.        WHAT PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT AND PROCESS.     When you use the Grindr Services, we collect personal data about you. “Personal Data” means any
      information that allows someone to identify you. While the following provides examples of the Personal Data that Grindr
      collects, note that not all Grindr Services collect all of the data listed below.     PERSONAL DATA YOU PROVIDE      Account Credentials.  In order to use the Grindr Services, you are required
        to provide an Account Authentication Mechanism (email, phone number, or a third-party social log-in like
        Facebook or Google). When creating an account, Grindr stores a hashed version of your Account Authentication Mechanism
        for authentication and/or verification purposes. We use a third-party service provider, Sinch, for verification and authentication. 
        You can review  Sinch’s privacy policy here .    Community Profile Information.  When you create a Grindr account, you choose to provide us Personal Data about yourself for your public Grindr
        profile. For example, in the Grindr App, you may voluntarily provide your Personal Data, such as your photo,
        display name, relationship status, ethnicity, age or date of birth, gender, pronouns, email address, height,
        weight, body type, position, social network link, “Looking For,” “About Me,” “Favorites,” “Blocks,” “Tribes,”
        “Meet at,” “Accept NSFW Pics,” and any other information that you add to your profile on the Grindr App(“Profile
        Information”). You also have the option to voluntarily provide health characteristics, such as your HIV status or 
        Last Tested Date discussed below. You should carefully consider what Personal Data to
        include in your Community Profile, and you can review and change that information at any time
        by accessing the “Edit Profile” section of the App.    HIV Status/Last Tested Date.  At the recommendation of HIV prevention experts and the community of Grindr users, we give you
        the option of publishing your health characteristics, such as your HIV status and/or Last Tested Date, in your
        public Grindr community profile. If you choose to include this information in your profile, it
        will become public to other users of the Grindr App. As a result, you should carefully consider whether you
        want to disclose your HIV status and/or Last Tested Date. You can review and change your HIV Status/Last Tested
        Date information at any time by accessing the “Edit Profile” section of the App. Grindr does not
        use HIV status for advertising purposes and does not share this information with advertisers.  Grindr does use 
        your last tested date to send you periodic reminders to get tested. In order to provide you the Grindr Services, 
        Grindr shares this information only with necessary service providers such as companies that host data on our behalf (Amazon Web Services), provide engineering 
        support (Grindr Taiwan Technology), or help in processing data access requests you initiate (PartnerHero).    Feedback/Support.  If you provide us feedback or contact customer support, we collect your name and e-mail address
        and possibly other Personal Data (e.g. IP address), as well as any other content that you send to us in order
        to reply and address any issue. If you contact customer support, we also collect and retain certain technical
        diagnostic data, such as your phone model. We may keep records of our communication with you, including any
        complaints we receive from you about other users (and from other users about you).    Mailing List.  When you sign up for the Grindr Services, we collect your email address to send you Grindr news, Grindr
        Services updates, the latest information on products and services, and third-party offers with your consent.    Surveys.  When you participate in a survey, you provide us additional Personal Data through the survey. If
        the survey is provided by a third-party service provider, the third party’s privacy policy applies to the
        collection, use, and disclosure of your information. Unless noted otherwise, we use Survey Monkey for surveys.
        You can view Survey Monkey’s privacy policy here .    Partner Promotion.  We collect Personal Data if you provide such data in the context of a Partner
        Promotion (described below).    Photos, Videos and Audio.  If you upload a photo or video, or send an audio message, while using the Grindr Services, you will be required to permit Grindr to access your 
        camera, photo gallery, and microphone in which case Grindr will have access to the photos and videos stored in your photo gallery.    Location and Distance Information.  When you use the Grindr App, we collect your precise location (e.g. your latitude and longitude) ( "Location" )
        to determine your distance in feet or meters from other users ( “Distance Information” ).
        Please see Data Retention section for information on storage of this information. Should you choose not to allow 
        the Grindr App to access your Location, certain features (such as displaying nearby user profiles or features 
        that include Live Location Sharing) of the Grindr Services will not function properly. You may also revoke this 
        permission and disable the location services on your device. You can do so on an iPhone by going to Settings, 
        Privacy, Location Services, Grindr; and on Android, by going to Settings, Location, Grindr, Permissions, Location.    Messages.  When you send a message using the Grindr Services (which could include content such as photos, location, audio, 
        video, emoji, etc.) to other users of the Grindr Services, we may collect Personal Data that includes the content 
        of the message.    User Activity.  We collect certain Personal Data that is generated through your use of the Grindr Services. This Personal Data
        includes information about whose user profiles you have viewed, products and services you have purchased
        through the Grindr Services, how you’ve interacted with the App, and how you communicate with other users.     PERSONAL DATA WE RECEIVE FROM YOUR DEVICE WHEN YOU USE GRINDR SERVICES      Hardware and Software Information.  We collect certain hardware and software information about you and your device such as device make, device
        model, carrier, data connection type, browser type, operating system, IP address, domain name, date/time stamp
        for your visit, app crashes, advertising IDs (e.g. Google’s ADID and Apple’s IDFA) which can be reset by
        going to your device’s setting). All of the foregoing collectively known as “Hardware and Software Information” .    Sensor Information.  We may collect sensor information such as barometric pressure, accelerometer measurements, gyroscope measurements, 
        device orientation, magnetic field measurements, direction of travel, motion activity (e.g.,walking) 
        or other similar measurements (“Sensor Information”) in order to serve you certain advertisements.    Cookies, Log Files, and Other Tracking Technologies.  We use cookies and URL information to gather information regarding the date and time of your visit and your
        searches. If you choose to disable cookies, some features of the Grindr Services may not work as expected. 
        For more Information regarding cookies and other tracking technologies, please see Cookie Information below .      PERSONAL DATA WE RECEIVE FROM THIRD PARTIES      Purchase Information.  When you choose to make a purchase through the Grindr Services, you submit Personal Data such as your name,
        payment card information, billing information, address, telephone number, and email address to one of our
        third-party payment processors. Purchases cannot be made through Grindr Lite at this time.   Grindr does not receive or process payment card information directly; however, our third-party service
        providers may provide certain information to us (e.g., your name, phone number, partial payment card number,
        and email address). We use Stripe or Google Play for purchases on Android devices, Apple for purchases on Apple
        devices, and Stripe for purchases on Grindr Web Chat. Please review the Stripe , Google , and Apple privacy policies
        to better understand their practices.   Grindr utilizes a Grindr-generated device identifier which enables us to track your in-app Grindr purchases over time. 
        This device identifier is not used for third-party advertising and is used by Grindr to deliver you the Grindr Services 
        including to ensure you receive effective and relevant marketing campaigns from Grindr.    Consent Information.  For EEA/UK and California users, Grindr utilizes OneTrust as its consent management platform to provide you with control over 
        the data you permit us to share with third-party advertisers and analytics partners. As a result, Grindr receives your consent 
        preferences from OneTrust (“Consent Preferences”). You can read OneTrust’s privacy policy here .    Third-Party Platforms.  If you use or connect to the Grindr Services or download the Grindr Services through a third-party platform, such
        as Facebook , Google , 
        or WeChat ,
        you allow us to access and/or collect certain information(e.g., date of birth, account identifier, etc.) from your 
        third-party profile/account (“Third-Party Data”). We may also access information contained in tracking technology 
        placed on your device by the third-party platform. Remember, when you elect to create a Grindr account via a third-party, you are
        also giving them Personal Data, so we recommend you read their privacy policies which control how
        they use your information and may also provide additional data management tools you can use.    Third-Party Tracking.  Our advertisers and certain service providers also use their own cookies or other tracking technologies (such
        as software development kits or “SDKs”) which may collect information about you within the Grindr Services. We
        prohibit them from tracking or monitoring health data (e.g., HIV status) or certain sexual group identification
        data (e.g., Tribe). They will, however, receive the advertising ID associated with your device
        and know that the ID was identified on Grindr. You can find more information about third-party tracking technologies in our Cookie Policy section.   Some Personal Data about your use of the Grindr Services and certain third-party services may be collected
        using tracking technologies across time and services, and used by us and third parties for purposes such as to
        associate different devices you use, and deliver relevant ads and/or other content to you on the Grindr
        Services and certain third-party services. Please see Your Choices section of this privacy policy to understand 
        how you limit third-party tracking.      AUTOMATED DECISION-MAKING.     Your safety and security are important to us. As such, we use automated decision-making as a part of our
      platform moderation efforts (for example, removing spammers) including to assist in our efforts to prevent 
      and respond to illegal, malicious, and unauthorized activity. If you are notified that your
      account has been banned and you believe this is an error, please email a Customer Support representative at support@grindr.com to seek an appeal.      HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA.      Distance Information.  The Grindr App is designed to allow users to share Distance Information. 
        Distance Information is public and indicates to other users of the Grindr App the distance you are in feet or meters from them.
        Your Distance Information will be displayed in your profile in those users' search results should you elect to display your relative distance.
        Grindr App users can use the explore feature in the Grindr App to search for other users in a geographic location outside of their immediate location. 
        Sophisticated users who use the Grindr App in an unauthorized manner, or other users who change their location while you remain in the same location,
        may use Distance Information to determine your exact location and may be able to determine your identity. 
        You may choose to hide your Distance Information; however, the Grindr App will continue to sort and display your profile based on your relative distance from other users.
        Accordingly, even if you choose to hide your Distance Information, others may nevertheless be able to determine your Location. 
        You can disable location services on an iPhone by going to Settings, Privacy, Location Services, Grindr and on Android, by going to Settings, Location, Grindr, Permissions, Location.    Third-Party Tracking Companies.  When you sign up for the Grindr Services, we share a portion of your Profile
        Information, Location Information, and demographic information with analytics partners. These third parties
        may also collect information directly from you as described in this Privacy Policy (e.g., IDFA/IDFV, device information)
        through tracking technologies such as cookies or SDKs. Our analytics partners are aware that such data is being
        transmitted from Grindr. The privacy policies of these third-party companies apply to their collection,
        use and disclosure of your Personal Data. For example, one of our partners is Google Analytics, whose privacy policy can be
        found here . Google Analytics collects
        information and reports website trends without identifying individual visitors. See Your
          Choices for information on your ability to opt-out of Google
        Analytics. Another partner, Braze, provides us with the technology to allow us to collect certain information
        and reports on usage trends without identifying individual visitors (e.g., daily active users, monthly active
        users, time in app, etc.) and tools which allow us to communicate with users (via inbox messages) within the
        Grindr App or out of app (e.g. via push notifications or email).
        Note that we do not share information about your Tribe or your HIV status with third-party analytics companies.
        You can also access more detailed information about the third parties that we disclose information to here . For California consumers, by 
        accepting this Privacy and Cookie Policy, and by clicking that you “accept sharing” when creating a Grindr account, you are directing us to disclose
        the information described in this paragraph to third-party analytics companies. You can opt-out of this sharing by changing your preferences
        in the Consent Preference Center available within the Grindr App .    Third-Party Advertising Companies.  We share the Identifier for Vendor
        associated with your device (“IDFV”), your device's advertising identifier (“IDFA”), a portion of your Profile Information, and 
        Location Information, with our advertising partners. These third
        parties may also collect information directly from you as described in this Privacy and Cookie Policy through
        tracking technologies such as cookies or SDKs. Our advertising partners are
        aware that such data is being transmitted from Grindr. The privacy policies of these third-party companies apply to their
        collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Data. One of our main advertising partners is MoPub that helps
        Grindr deliver personalized advertising. You can follow the links to MoPub’s privacy notice and partner page . See Your
          Choices for information on your ability to opt-out of
        interest-based advertising. Note that we do not share information about
        your Tribe, your HIV status, or your Last Tested Date, with any advertising companies. For more information on
        third-party tracking technology, please visit Cookie Information . You can also access more detailed
        information about the third parties that we disclose information to here . Note 
        that for California consumers, if you accept sharing with our advertising partners you are directing us to disclose the information
        described in this paragraph to third-party advertising companies. You can limit third parties’ uses of your Personal Data by going to the “Consent
        Preference Center” within the “Settings” menu within the App.     Third-Party Service Providers.  We share your Personal Data with third-party service providers to: provide you with the Grindr Services;
        conduct quality assurance testing; monitor activity on the Grindr Services; provide technical support; and/or
        to provide other services to Grindr. Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, these third-party
        service providers are required by contract not to use your Personal Data other than in connection with the services
        requested by Grindr.  The only service providers with access to HIV and Last Tested Date information are Amazon 
        Web Services, our data infrastructure provider, Grindr Taiwan Technology Ltd., a provider of essential engineering services, 
        and PartnerHero, a company that helps process data access requests. You can also access more detailed information about the 
        third parties that we disclose information to here .    Partner Promotion.  From time-to-time we may offer contests, sweepstakes, or other promotions with third-party partners. If you
        decide to enter a contest, sweepstake, or promotion that is sponsored by a third-party partner the
        information that you provide will be shared with us and with them. Their use of your information is not
        governed by this Privacy Policy    Business Transactions.  If another company acquires, or plans to acquire our company, business, or assets, that company will possess the Personal Data
        collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personal Data as described in this
        Privacy and Cookie Policy.    Other Disclosures With Your Consent.  We may explicitly ask if you would like us to share your information with other third parties who may not be 
        described elsewhere in this policy. For example, we may ask you if you would like to back-up your account, or
        the information stored within your local device, to a third-party service such as Apple or Google
        cloud backup.    Legal Obligations.  Grindr may preserve or disclose Personal Data in response to a lawful legal request, including: subpoenas,
        warrants, or court orders; in connection with any legal process; to comply with relevant laws; to establish
        or exercise our rights to defend against legal claims; if we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent,
        or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, safety of person or property, or a violation of our
        policies; or as otherwise required by law.       YOU SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA IN THE FOLLOWING SITUATIONS:     Community Profiles.  The Grindr App is a social networking platform that is designed to allow users to connect and share
        information. When you use the Grindr Services, your Community Profile Information is public, and other users of
        the Grindr App can see your Profile Information and other Personal Data (including sensitive personal data)
        posted by you. For example, other users can search for you, search for your profile characteristics, see if
        you’ve viewed their profile, or see you listed as being within their vicinity. Do not include information in
        your profile that you want to keep private. For example, if you do not want your HIV status to be known, you
        should not include that information in your Grindr profile. While the Grindr App permits you to make certain
        items (e.g., Profile Information, preferences, or other information) non-public, sophisticated users who use
        the Grindr App in an unauthorized manner may nevertheless be able to obtain this information and may be able
        to determine your identity.    Messages.  You may choose to send messages, including photos, audio, location, emoji or videos, to other users. If you send
        messages, you will be providing Grindr with your Personal Data as well as the user who views your message.
        Please don't send messages or share content that you wouldn't want someone to save or share as users may save
        content or copy it outside the Grindr Services. Chat messages are stored locally on devices. Therefore,
        if you choose to delete your account, messages you sent to another user may still be available on that 
        user’s device. Do not share your Account Credentials or payment information via chat (or any third-party
        platforms).    Live Location Sharing.  If you elect to utilize the “Live Location Sharing” feature, you share your
        specific location with another user for a predetermined period of time, as well as with Grindr. While the Live 
        Location Sharing is active, your Location is continuously shared in the background. You
        can revoke your consent to this sharing at any time by utilizing the in-App “stop sharing” button.    Social Features.  The Grindr Services include features that are designed to permit interactions that you initiate between the
        Grindr Services and third-party websites or services, including third-party social networks (collectively "Social Features" ). For example, you may be able to "like" or "share" content from
        the Grindr Services on other websites or services, such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, YouTube and
        LinkedIn. If you use Social Features on the Grindr Services, both Grindr and the third-party services that
        operate those Social Features may have access to certain Personal Data about you and your use of both the
        Grindr Services and theirs. The Personal Data collected and stored by
        third parties remains subject to those third parties' privacy practices, including whether the third parties
        continue to share Personal Data with us.   You agree and consent that the information and data outlined above may be shared with third parties as
        described throughout this document.       DATA RETENTION.    We retain your Personal Data for no longer than is necessary to fulfill the
        purposes for which the information was collected or as otherwise permitted
        or required by applicable law or pursuant to Grindr Terms of Service or
        Grindr Community Guidelines. Generally, Grindr does not maintain user chat
        messages for longer than 24 hours once the message has been delivered to
        the recipient.    If you delete your account your Profile Information and Location Information
      associated with your account will be removed from our systems within seven
      (7) days, unless retention is required for a legal purpose. Chat images, user
      activity, and other Personal Data outlined above is deleted within 120 days of
      an account deletion. With respect to accounts that have been banned for
      violations of the Grindr Terms of Service and/or Community Guidelines,
      Grindr retains the hashed version of your Account Authentication
      Mechanism, a Grindr-generated device identifier, and limited log information
      associated with the reason for the ban. In some circumstances, Grindr may
      retain chat messages used for reporting violative behavior resulting in an
      account’s ban. Grindr may also retain your Personal Data if required to do so
      pursuant to a valid legal request. For more information, please see Third Party Disclosures .      HOW WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA.      At Grindr, we take the privacy and security of your Personal Data seriously. We have a dedicated data security
      team that actively works to monitor the integrity and safety of the Grindr Services. We have strict policies in
      place to help protect Personal Data. We consistently strive to improve our defenses in the
      ongoing battle against bad actors. As such, we do not disclose any specific security tools or techniques we use
      so that we can better protect your Personal Data as we do not want to unwittingly educate those with malicious
      intent. That said, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is fully secure,
      and Grindr cannot guarantee the security of your Personal Data. In the event that we are required by law to
      inform you of any unauthorized access to your Personal Data, we may notify you electronically or in writing in 
      accordance with applicable law.      YOUR CHOICES.    You can make the following choices regarding your Personal Data:     Community Profile Information.  You choose to provide us Personal Data about yourself for your public Grindr
        community profile. You can review and change your Community Profile Information at any time by accessing the
        “Edit Profile” section of the App.    Promotional Emails.  You may choose during the registration process to provide us with your email address for the purpose of
        allowing us to send free newsletters, surveys, offers, and other promotional materials related to Grindr and/or
        the Grindr Services, as well as targeted offers from third parties. You can stop receiving promotional emails
        by following the unsubscribe instructions in e-mails that you receive. If you unsubscribe from receiving such
        promotional emails, we may still send you service-related communications, and our applications may deliver you in-app messages.    Behavioral Advertising On Websites.  Our websites may allow for third-party behavioral advertising. This means that a third party may use technology
        (e.g., a cookie) to collect information about your use of our websites so that they can provide advertising
        about products and services tailored to your interests. For more information on third-party tracking
        technology, please visit Cookie Information below . Advertising may appear either
        on our website, or on other websites not operated by Grindr. If you do not want third parties to tailor the
        advertising that you see, you can opt-out from some third party behavioral advertising at the Digital Advertising Alliance in the US , the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada in Canada , or
        the European Digital Advertising
            Alliance in Europe . Please note that opting-out of behavioral advertising does not mean that you
        will not receive advertising while using the Grindr Services. It will, however, exclude you from interest-based
        advertising conducted through participating networks, as provided by their policies and choice mechanisms. We
        do not currently recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, which may include “Do Not
        Track” instructions.    Behavioral Advertising Within The Grindr App.  Please note that opting-out of behavioral advertising does not mean that you will not receive advertising
        while using the free version of Grindr Services. It will, however, exclude you
        from interest-based advertising conducted through participating networks,
        as provided by the applicable choice mechanisms. For users in the EEA/UK,
        Grindr participates in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework
        and complies with its specifications and policies. OneTrust operates the
        consent management platform (CMP ID # 28) we utilize. Before creating your
        Grindr account, you will be presented with a consent preference screen
        where you can control if your data can be used by our advertising partners.
        You can also access the Consent Preference Center after creating your
        Grindr account from within the settings menu of the Grindr App at any time.
        For users outside of the EEA/UK and California, you can opt-out of behavioral targeting on iOS devices by going
        into Settings > Privacy > Advertising on your device or visiting Apple’s website for more information. To
        opt out on an Android device, open the “Google Settings,” click on “Ads” and enable “Opt out of interest based
        ads.”    Third-Party Tracking.  You may opt-out of Google Analytics' collection and use of your Personal Data by following the instructions here to download an opt-out browser add-on.       YOUR RIGHTS.    Some jurisdictions may give you the right to request that we:      Provide you with information about our processing of your Personal Data and give you access to your Personal
        Data.    Update or correct inaccuracies in your Personal Data.    Delete your Personal Data.    Transfer a machine-readable copy of your Personal Data to you or a third party of your choice.    Restrict the processing of your Personal Data.    Withdraw consent that you have previously given us. You may make this request at any time. Revocation
        of your consent will only apply to future processing activities and will not apply retroactively.    Where your jurisdiction’s law allows, object reliance on our legitimate interests as the basis for processing of your Personal Data.      While we honor the above requests if required to do so by law, there are situations in which we may not be able to agree to a 
      particular request. For example, it is not possible for us to delete your Personal Data if we are required by law 
      to keep it (e.g., for tax and accounting purposes), or if we need it to perform a contract with you. Similarly, access to your
      Personal Data may be refused if making the information available would reveal Personal Data about another person
      or if we are legally prevented from disclosing such information. If we decline your request, we will tell you
      why, subject to legal restrictions.     Please note that due to Grindr’s retention practices, some historical data may not be available as it is no
      longer held in Grindr’s systems. Please see "Data Retention" above. You can submit a request by email to privacy@grindr.com or our postal address provided below. Where necessary, we may request specific information from you to verify your identity prior to 
      processing your request. If you invoke your rights as listed in this section, Grindr utilizes third parties like PartnerHero, 
      for Customer Support and ZenDesk as our Customer Support ticketing platform to help fulfill your requests to exercise your rights under this document. 
      You can read their privacy policies by clicking here and here , respectively.     If you would like to submit a complaint about our use of your Personal Data or our response to your requests
      regarding your Personal Data, you may contact us at privacy@grindr.com .      FOR EEA/U.K. DATA SUBJECTS.    For users subject to the data privacy laws of the EEA and the U.K. the table
        below provides an overview of the legal basis on which we process your data.
        Where the legal basis is your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any
        time (typically by controlling what data you provide in your Grindr Community
        Profile). Where the legal basis is legitimate interests, you have a right to object to our
        use of your data. We explain in the relevant sections in this Privacy Policy how you can
        withdraw consent or opt-out of certain data uses. Note that sometimes we ask
        your permission concerning our use of data in order to give you control over
        preferences, but the legal basis is not "consent."         Processing purpose  Personal Data Includes  Lawful Basis      Provide you with the
                services and products
                associated with a
                Grindr account,
                including without
                limitation creating and
                managing your Grindr
                account and Grindr
                user profile.     Account Credentials;
              Profile Information;
              Location and Distance
              Information; Hardware
              and Software
              Information; and Cookies,
              Log Files and Other
              Tracking Technologies.  Additional Personal Data
            we receive about you,
            including: Third-Party
            Data and Consent
            Preferences.    Performance of contract  Manifestly made public by
            the data subject (with
            regard to sensitive
            information)       Display your profile and your Grindr activity to other users and enable you to see nearby user
              profiles.     Location and Distance
              Information, Profile
              Information; User
              Activity; Cookies, Log
              Files and Other Tracking
              Technologies.    Performance of contract   Manifestly made public by
            the data subject (with
            regard to sensitive
            information)      Facilitate messages between users of the Grindr Services, which may include photos (including explicit
              photos), location, audio or video.     Hardware: Software
              Information; Location and
              Distance Information;
              Messages; Photos and
              Videos; User Activity.    Performance of contract  Consent (with regard to
              sensitive information)       Display your self-reported health information on your user profile and provide you with testing
              reminders.     Hardware and Software
              Information, self-reported HIV status and
              Last Tested Date.    Consent  Task carried out in public interest  Manifestly made public by the data subject       Communicate with you through the App to provide updates, service-related notifications, news, and
              promotions.     Profile Information;
              Hardware and Software
              Information; Location and
              Distance Information;
              Cookies, Log Files and
              Other Tracking
              Technologies; Feedback
              and Support; Mailing List;
              Partner Promotions.  Additional Personal Data
              that we receive about you,
              including: Payment
              Information.    Performance of contract  Legitimate interest of
            Grindr to discuss its
            products and services (in
            relation to promotions)       Respond to user inquiries and complaints and to provide you customer support.     Account Credentials;
              Hardware and Software
              Information; Profile
              Information; Location and
              Distance Information;
              Messages; Photos and
              Videos; User Activity;
              Cookies, Log Files and
              Other Tracking
              Technologies; Feedback
              and Support; Surveys.  Additional Personal Data
              that we received about
              you, including: Payment
              Information.    Performance of contract  Legitimate interests – it is
                  in our legitimate interests
                  to respond to your
                  inquiries in order to
                  provide you with the
                  assistance you expect
                  when raising a support
                  query.       Develop, improve and deliver Grindr Services and products.     Account Credentials;
              Profile Information;
              Hardware and Software
              Information; User
              Activity; Cookies, Log
              Files and Other Tracking
              Technologies; Feedback
              and Support; Surveys.  Additional Personal Data
              that we receive about you,
              including: Payment
              Information; User
              Activity.    Legitimate interests– it is
              in our legitimate interests
              to understand the ways in
              which our users engage
              with the Grindr Services
              and other third-party tools/applications so that
              we can further protect
              Grindr users, improve the
              current Grindr Services as
              well as develop new
              services and products for
              future use.       Process your purchases and transactions.     Hardware and Software
              Information; Cookies, Log
              Files and Other Tracking
              Technologies.  Additional Personal Data
              that we receive about you,
              including: Payment
              Information.    Performance of contract       Conduct Partner promotions.     Profile Information;
              Authentication
              Information; Location and
              Distance Information;
              Partner Promotions.    Legitimate Interests – it is
              in our legitimate interests
              to provide you with partner
              promotions in which you
              may be interested.       Access and collect your Personal Data from third-party platforms.     Third-Party Platform
              Data; Cookies, Log Files
              and Other Tracking
              Technologies.  Additional Personal Data
              we receive about you,
              including: Third-Party
              Platform Data, Hardware
              and Software Information
              Payment Information, and
              Consent Preferences    Performance of contract       Share your Personal Data with our service providers in order to provide you with the Grindr Services.     Hardware and Software
              Information; Profile
              Information; Location and
              Distance Information;
              Messages; Photos and
              Videos; Cookies, Log
              Files and Other Tracking
              Technologies.    Performance of contract       Share your Personal Data with analytics partners to improve our services, marketing, user relationships
              and experiences.     Hardware and Software
              Information; Profile
              Information (excluding
              HIV status, Last Tested
              Date and Tribe); Location
              and Distance Information;
              Cookies, Log Files and
              Other Tracking
              Technologies.  Additional Personal Data we receive
              about you, including: Consent Preferences.    Consent (in those cases
              where required by law)  Legitimate interests– it is
              in our legitimate interests
              to analyze the way in which
              users are accessing and
              using the Grindr Services
              so that we can further
              improve them.       Allow third-party advertisers to use tracking technologies on the Grindr Services.     Hardware and Software
              Information; Cookies, Log
              Files and Other Tracking
              Technologies.  Additional Personal Data we receive
              about you, including: Consent Preferences.    Consent       Provide safety and security features (authentication, anti-spam, fraud protection and quality and abuse
              prevention).     Account Credentials;
              Hardware and Software
              Information; Profile
              Information; Location and
              Distance Information;
              Messages; Photos and
              Videos; User Activity;
              Cookies, Log Files and
              Other Tracking
              Technologies.  Additional Personal Data
              that we receive about you,
              including: Payment
              Information and User
              Activity.    Legitimate interests – it is
              in our legitimate interests
              to ensure that Grindr
              accounts are not
              fraudulent in order to
              safeguard users and
              provide an authentic and
              safe platform.  Protect the vital interests
              of data subjects or other
              natural persons.       Comply with valid legal requests.     Account Credentials;
              Hardware and Software
              Information; Profile
              Information; Location and
              Distance Information;
              Messages; Photos and
              Videos; User Activity;
              Cookies, Log Files and
              Other Tracking
              Technologies.  Additional Personal Data
              that we receive about you,
              including: Payment
              Information.    Comply with legal
              obligations (in response to
              requests from EU member
              states)  The legitimate interest of
              Grindr to comply with the
              laws to which it is subject
              outside of the EEA       Address legal issues and disputes.     Account Credentials;
              Hardware and Software;
              Information; Profile
              Information; Location and
              Distance Information;
              Messages; Photos and
              Videos; User Activity;
              Information and Cookies,
              Log Files and Other
              Tracking Technologies.  Additional Personal Data
              we receive about you,
              including: Payment
              Information.    Comply with legal
              obligations (if required by
              an EU member state)  The legitimate interest of
              Grindr to exercise or
              defend legal claims  Establishing, exercising,
              or defending legal claims       Investigate, prevent or respond to suspected illegal activities or fraud.     Account Credentials;
              Hardware and Software
              Information, Profile
              Information; Location and
              Distance Information;
              Messages; Photos and
              Videos; User Activity;
              Cookies, Log Files and
              Other Tracking
              Technologies.  Additional Personal Data
              that we receive about you,
              including: Payment
              Information and User
              Activity.    Legitimate interests - it is
              in our legitimate interests
              to prevent and respond to
              unauthorized behavior
              within the Grindr Services
              and to maintain the safety
              and authenticity of the
              Grindr Services.       Administer and protect our services (troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance,
              support, reporting and hosting of data).     Account Credentials;
              Hardware and Software
              Information; Profile
              Information; Location and
              Distance Information;
              Messages; Photos and
              Videos; User Activity;
              Cookies, Log Files and
              Other Tracking
              Technologies.  Additional Personal Data
              that we receive about you,
              including: Payment
              Information and User
              Activity.    Legitimate interests – it is
              in our legitimate interests
              to ensure the stability of
              the Grindr Services and
              are able to use analytical
              data to troubleshoot
              problems.       Access your camera,
                photo roll, and
                microphone to allow
                you to include photos in
                your Community Profile
                and photos, audio, and
                video messages in your
                private and group
                messages.     Profile Information;
              Messages; Photos and
              Videos.    Consent       Facilitate the sharing of live location between you and other users.     Location and Distance
              Information; Profile
              Information; Messages.    Consent       Share your Personal Data with our advertising partners.     Hardware and Software
              Information; Sensor
              Information; Profile
              Information (excluding
              HIV Status and Last
              Tested Date and Tribe);
              Location and Distance
              Information; Cookies; Log
              Files and Other Tracking
              Technologies.  Additional Personal Data we receive about you,
              including: Third-Party
              Tracking Technologies
              and Consent Preferences.    Consent       Provide or show
                advertising on the
                Grindr Services based
                on the Personal Data
                you provide or that we
                collect through the
                Grindr Services.     Hardware and Software
              Information; Sensor
              Information; Profile
              Information (excluding
              HIV Status, Last Tested
              Date, and Tribe); Location
              and Distance Information;
              Cookies, Log Files and
              Other Tracking
              Technologies.  Additional Personal Data
              that we receive about you,
              including: Payment
              Information Consent
              Preferences, and User
              Activity.    Consent       Provide you with services and products associated with Grindr Web Chat, including syncing your Grindr
              account with your web client.     Location and Distance
              Information; Profile
              Information; Messages;
              Photos and Videos;
              Cookies, Log Files and
              Other Tracking
              Technologies; Payment
              Information.    Consent  Performance of contract
              (related to the Web Chat
              service)       Create and/or administer surveys and conduct research of users’ behavior to improve the Grindr
              Services.     Profile Information;
              Location and Distance
              Information; Hardware
              and Software
              Information; User
              Activity; Cookies, Log
              Files and Other Tracking
              Technologies; Feedback
              and Support; Surveys;
              Payment Information.    Consent       For General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (“GDPR”)-related inquiries, you may contact Kelly Peterson
        Miranda, Grindr’s Data Protection Officer: DPO@grindr.com .      If you are based in the EEA, you can contact our EEA Representative (for
        GDPR-related inquiries only), The DPR Group, using the following details:     By Email: DPO@grindr.com     By Visiting www.dpr.eu.com/grindr     By Post: The DPR Group, The Cube, Monahan Road, Cork, T12H1XY,
        Republic of Ireland     The DPR group has locations in each of the 27 EU member countries. For additional DPR Group postal
      addresses, please contact privacy@grindr.com .    If you are based in the U.K., the DPR Group also serves as our U.K.
      representative and can be contacted (for GDPR-related inquiries only) using
      the same methods as above or by post at: The DPR Group, BPM 335368, 372
      Old Street, EC1V 9AU, London, United Kingdom.    EEA individuals also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority in the EEA Country where
        they reside or work, or where the alleged infringement of the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679
        (“GDPR”) took place. You can find information about your data protection regulator here .
        Swiss individuals also have the right to lodge a complaint with the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information
        Commissioner. For complaints from EEA data subjects or Swiss individuals that cannot be resolved with Grindr
        directly, Grindr will cooperate with EEA and Swiss authorities and will implement the advice they provide with
        respect to such unresolved complaints.    For Grindr Lite users or those communicating with Grindr Lite users: Grindr
        may utilize an Amazon Web Services relay server based in Mumbai, India.
        The relay server does not typically store user data but facilitates the
        transmission of user data to the United States.      FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS.      California Civil Code 1798.115(c), 1798.130(a)(5)(c), 1798.130(c), and 1798.140 indicate that organizations must
      disclose what categories of information are “collected,” “sold,” or transferred for an organization’s business
      purpose” as those terms are defined under California law. Note that Grindr does not necessarily collect all
      categories of information about you. For example, while we may collect government issued identification as part
      of authenticating some users that make access requests, we do not collect such information from the majority
      of Grindr users who are California residents. Grindr may collect and transfer for business purposes the following
      categories of personal information from Grindr’s California users: Audio, Electronic, Visual, Thermal, Olfactory,
      or Similar
      Information; Characteristics of protected classifications; Commercial information; credit card information; debit
      card number; Driver’s License Number; Electronic network activity; Email address;
      Geolocation data; Identifiers (e.g., display name); Online identifiers (e.g., IP address); Passport number;
      Physical characteristics; Postal address; Signature; Social Security Number; Telephone number; Transaction
      Information. See the “What Personal Data We Collect and Process” section of this Privacy Policy. If you would like more information concerning the
      categories of Personal Data (if any) we share with third parties or affiliates for those parties to use for
      direct marketing, please submit a written request to us using the Contact Information below. For California consumers, by accepting this Privacy and Cookie Policy, and by clicking that you “accept sharing” when creating a Grindr account,
        you are directing us to disclose the information described in this paragraph to third-party advertising
        companies and therefore Grindr does not sell your Personal Data.  If you decide that you no longer want advertising partners
        to use your information for their own purposes, or retain it after providing
        services to us, you can (i) click the “Consent Preference Center” from the
        “Settings” menu in the Grindr App or (ii) click “Support” from within the
        settings menu in the Grindr App.        COOKIE INFORMATION.       What are cookies:       “Cookies” are small text files placed on your device or browser when you visit a website or otherwise interact
      with an online service. Cookies collect and store information, which is sent back to our servers or those of
      third parties. To learn more about cookies, we encourage you to visit www.allaboutcookies.org .        First-party and third-party cookies. Grindr websites utilize first-party
        and third-party cookies. First-party cookies are cookies placed on your
        device directly by us (e.g., to adapt our website to your browser’s
        language preferences and to better understand your use of the Grindr
        Services). Third-party cookies are placed on your device by our partners
        and service providers (e.g., to gather performance data or to enable you
        log on using a third-party social media platform).     Session and persistent cookies. All cookies have an expiration date.
        There are session cookies and persistent cookies. We use session cookies
        for many reasons, including to learn more about your use of the Grindr
        Services during a single browsing session so we can continue to ensure
        the Grindr Services are effective and efficient. We typically use persistent
        cookies to help expedite your use of the Grindr Services and for
        performance evaluation purposes.     Other tracking technologies besides cookies. Grindr also utilizes tracking technologies such as web beacons (also
        known as pixel tags or clear gifs), tracking URLs or software development
        kits (“SDKs) for similar purposes as cookies. Web beacons are tiny
        graphics files that contain a unique identifier that enable us to recognize
        when a person visits our Services. Tracking URLs are custom generated
        links that help us understand where the traffic to our webpages comes
        from. SDKs are pieces of code includes within apps which function like
        cookies and web beacons.        How does Grindr use cookies?       As described in greater detail below, we may use cookies and other tracking
        technologies for the following purposes:       To collect statistical data on our users’ interactions with the Grindr Services;    To conduct essential functions, such as identifying trusted web traffic;    To integrate with third-party social media platforms;    To track your behaviors and browsing activities over time across multiple websites or other platforms;
        and    To serve you with interest-based or targeted advertising on other websites.       We may link the information collected by cookies with other information we
        obtain from you pursuant to this Privacy Policy and may use the combined
        information in ways as outlined herein. Similarly, the third parties who serve
        cookies within the Grindr Services may link the data they obtain through their
        cookies within the Grindr Services to other information they may have
        collected about you. Anytime you interact with or provide your Personal Data
        to a third-party site, we encourage you to consult the site’s privacy policy.       How can you control cookies?       There are several options available for you to use in order for you to manage
        cookies and tracking technologies while using the Grindr Services.      Grindr’s Consent Management Platform. For users in the EEA/UK and
            California, you may adjust the information sharing controls anytime via
            the in-app Consent Preference Center. This includes opting-out of
            behavioral advertising or other non-essential tracking technologies.     General Opt-Out. Most web browsers accept cookies automatically. You also may be able to configure your browser settings to
            use
            the Grindr Services without some cookie functionality. You can delete cookies manually or set your browser
            to
            automatically delete cookies on a pre-determined schedule. For example, in the Internet Explorer menu bar,
            select: Tools -> Internet Options -> Browsing History -> Delete to view manual and automatic options.    To learn about how to manage cookies on popular browsers, please visit: Apple Safari , Google Chrome , Microsoft Edge , Microsoft Internet Explorer , Mozilla Firefox , Brave , DuckDuckGo .    You may also be able to reset device identifiers through settings on
            your mobile device. The procedure for managing device identifiers(e.g., IDFA) is different for each device. You can check the specific steps
            in the help or settings menu of your particular device.        Flash Cookies.     We may also use Flash cookies (also known as “persistent
identification elements” or “local shared objects”) on certain websites.
Because Flash cookies cannot be controlled through your browser settings,
you may click here to adjust your preferences. You can also identify Flash
cookies running on your computer by visiting the Flash Player folder. Flash
cookies, or LSO files, are typically stored with a “.SOL” extension. Please
note that if you block cookies, some functions on the Grindr Services may be
unavailable, and we may not be able to present you with personally-tailored
content.      ADDITIONAL INFORMATION.    The following additional information relates to our privacy practices:      Permissible Age.  The Grindr Services are intended only for users eighteen (18) years of age and older (or twenty-one (21)
        years of age in places where eighteen (18) years is not the age of majority). We do not intentionally gather
        Personal Data about visitors who are under the age of majority. If you are aware that a child or minor has
        submitted Personal Data on the Grindr Services, please contact us using the information provided below, or
        using the in-app reporting tool, so that we can take appropriate action.    Third-Party Applications/Websites.  We have no control over, do not review, and cannot be responsible for the privacy and data handling practices
        of other websites or applications. Once you click on a link to another website or third-party application, the
        terms of this Privacy and Cookie Policy do not apply.    Changes To This Privacy and Cookie Policy.  If we make a material change to this Privacy and Cookie Policy we will, at a minimum, attempt to notify you of
        that change either by sending an e-mail to the last e-mail address that you provided to us (if any) or by
        notifying you when you log into the Grindr Services.    Translations.  In the event there is a discrepancy between this English language version and any translations of this Policy,
        the English version shall prevail unless otherwise required under applicable law.    Contact Information.  Grindr welcomes your comments or questions regarding this Privacy and Cookie Policy. Please contact us by
        email at privacy@grindr.com or by postal mail at the following address:    Grindr LLC  Attn: Data Protection Officer  PO Box 69176  West Hollywood, CA 90069    Effective Date: March 13, 2020 or the date of user acceptance.                    We use cookies to collect and process data. We may use this data for analytics, advertising, and improving user
        experience. By using this site, you consent to these cookies being placed on your browser.
        If not, you can disable cookies in your browser settings or stop using the site. Cookie Policy here.   Accept and Continue          