Additional Disclosures For California Consumers     These disclosures describe how OpenTable (as defined in the Privacy Policy) collects, uses, processes, and discloses personal information of California consumers and the rights you may have under California law. These disclosures are intended to supplement OpenTable’s Privacy Policy with information required by the California Consumer Privacy Act.    California law requires that we describe the personal information we collect about California consumers, including by identifying specific categories of information. As we describe in more detail in the “Information We Collect and Use” section of the Privacy Policy , we have collected the following categories of personal information in the past 12 months :    ●  Personal Details, Contact Information or Identifiers such as your name, email, or IP address  ●  Location such as geolocation data  ●  Photos or Visual Information such as your profile photo  ●  Commercial Information such as transaction history  ●  Device, Usage and Internet or other electronic network activity information such as information about your device type, browser settings or interactions with our sites  ●  Inferences such as about your preferences and interests from data we collect in order to provide and personalize our services and tailor the offers we and our partners provide to you    For information about the categories of sources from which we obtain personal information, or for additional details about the specific types of personal information we collect, please refer to the “Information We Collect and Use” section of the Privacy Policy . For information about our purpose(s) for collecting, or possibly sharing your personal information, please refer to the “How We Use Your Information” section of the Privacy Policy.   We may share your personal information with third parties as described in the “How We Share Your Information” section of the Privacy Policy.  California law also requires that we provide you with information about certain disclosures of personal information to third parties, where the disclosure involves monetary or other consideration. California treats these disclosures as “sales” of information, even if no money changes hands. Some of the disclosures we make may constitute “sales” under California law and involve the disclosure of the following types of personal information: (1) personal details, contact information or identifiers (2) commercial information; (3) device, usage and internet or other electronic network activity information; (4) location data; and (5) inferences.    We also disclose certain personal information for “business purposes,” such as disclosures to service providers who assist us with securing our Services or delivering marketing messages and advertisements. We may disclose the following categories of personal information for our business purposes: (1) personal details, contact information, or identifiers; (2) location data; (3) photos or visual information; (4) commercial information; (5) device, usage and internet or other electronic network activity information; and (6) inferences.    California law grants certain rights to California consumers. These include the rights to:    ●  access specific pieces of personal information  ●  learn about how we process and share personal information  ●  request deletion of personal information  ●  opt out of “sales,” as that term is defined under the California Consumer Privacy Act  ●  not to be denied goods or services for exercising these rights    You may exercise your right to opt out of "sales" by clicking this Do Not Sell My Personal Information link and following the instructions.    To exercise your other rights under California law, please contact us using our request form  or by contacting OpenTable at privacy@opentable.com or 1-800-OPENTABLE.    If you are an authorized agent wishing to exercise rights on behalf of a California consumer, please contact us using our request form along with a copy of the consumer’s written authorization designating you as their agent.    Please note that we may need to verify your identity before completing your rights request.  (Environment: prod-sc) (Machine Name: 78bd41e2ce0f) (Request ID:01f13dcb-fe69-4eeb-9636-472d7beb72f7)