  Snap Inc. Careers News Investors Advertisers Our Privacy Principles Your Privacy, Explained Privacy by Product Privacy Policy How We Use Your Information Transparency Report California Privacy Notice  Effective: January 1, 2020  We’ve created this California Privacy Notice specifically for California residents (“Notice”). California residents have certain privacy rights as specified under California law, including the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”). Our Privacy Principles and the privacy controls we offer to all users are in line with these laws--this Notice makes sure we cover the California-specific requirements. For example, all users can request a copy of their data, request deletion, and control their privacy settings in the app. For the full picture, check out our Privacy Policy .  We’ll start with a summary of your rights and get into the details later.   You have the right to know whether we sell your data and opt-out of a sale if we do. Good news! We don’t sell your data .  You have the right to receive an overview of the personal information we collect, how we use it, and who we share your data with.  You can request access to your data, get a copy , and ask us to delete your personal information.  Reach out to us to exercise your California rights, which you can do here   By the way, we’ll update this Notice every 12 months and let you know when we’ve made updates consistent with our Privacy Policy .  Your Rights  Let’s start with your rights.   Right to know what personal information we collect . You have the right to request details on the specific personal information we’ve collected about you. We provide this information in our Privacy Center , but you can also get this information by contacting us . In addition, you can request a copy of your data here or directly through the settings in the app.  Right to know who we share your data with . We do not sell your data, but we do share your information with others for legitimate business purposes. For example, we use service providers to store and host your data. See the Sharing Your Information section below for more details.  Right to deletion . You have the right to request deletion of your data, unless an exception applies. Examples of exceptions include when we need to keep data to meet legal obligations, detect fraud, investigate reports of abuse or other Terms of Service violations, or fix security issues. Once we’ve verified your request, we’ll delete your personal information (unless an exception applies) and will direct our service providers to do the same. By design, we have pretty short retention terms , so most data is deleted quickly anyway.  Get a timely response . You have the right to make two free requests in any 12-month period. We will respond to your request within 45 days, and in more difficult cases we may extend our response time by another 45 days. Our support team is pretty great, so they tend to respond a lot quicker. The easiest way to get information is by following the instructions above, but you can also email privacy @ snap.com.  Non-Discrimination . It goes without saying, but we will not hold it against you when you exercise any of your rights. In fact, we encourage you to review your privacy settings closely and reach out to us with your questions.   The easiest way to exercise your rights is by logging into your account so we can verify your identity. You can also email us, but then we’ll require some additional information to authenticate your identity and ownership of your account.  We Don’t Sell Your Data  We don’t sell your data. To keep the lights on at Snap HQ, we do show ads. We do our best to make these ads relevant, so they’re enjoyable. Our Support Site provides information on do not track, advertising and interest preferences.  Information We Collect  As detailed in our Privacy Policy and How We Use Your Information page, we collect personal information for a wide range of purposes, but the main reason we collect information is to offer you the best possible products and services. Privacy by design is the starting point. This means we make sure we don’t collect more information than necessary or collect information for purposes that are different, unrelated, or incompatible with what’s detailed in our Privacy Policy.  In the last 12 months, we’ve collected the following personal information:   Identifiers , such as your name, display name, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, IP address, email address, username, or other similar identifiers. We mainly use these to offer our services, for example to create your account and send Chats & Snaps to your real friends.  Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records provisions , such as your name, address, telephone number, payment number (last 4 digits only). For example, we use this information so you can buy your latest Spectacles . Keep in mind that some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.  Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law , such as your gender and age. The main purpose for collecting this information is to verify your age, ensure you are eligible to use our services, and to show you more relevant ads and content in Discover.  Commercial information , such as products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. For example, we may keep this information when you purchase items through the Snap Store (where you buy your Bitmoji stickers and mugs) or when you engage with ads on our platform.  Internet or other electronic network activity information , such as session logs, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement. For example, we may store your search history when you are searching for Bitmoji terms or looking for Snaps and other content in Search.  Geolocation data , such as your physical location. Snapchat uses your device’s location to offer certain location-based features. For example, we use your device’s location to provide Geofilters based on where you’re at or what’s going on around you, or we can use your location to position the Map to show you what’s nearby. Learn more .  Electronic, visual, or similar information , such as Snaps and other visual content. Snap is a camera company, so this one is pretty obvious. We collect Snaps you create, but deletion is still our default with a few exceptions. Learn more .  Inferences drawn from other personal information . We may use this information to create a profile reflecting your preferences and characteristics. For example, we’ll use this information to create a list of your interests and preferences to serve you more relevant ads or content in Discover. Learn more .   We may collect this data when you provide it to us, when you use our services, or when we receive it from third parties. For more details on the sources, see the Information We Collect section in our Privacy Policy.  For your information, personal information does not include publicly available information from government records and de-identified or aggregated consumer information.  Sharing Your Information  We may share your personal information to a third party for a business purpose or at your direction. For example, we share your personal information with our data hosting and storage providers. We enter into agreements with our service providers in which they can only use your information for specific purposes and are required to ensure its confidentiality.  In the past 12 months, we’ve disclosed categories A-H for a business purpose or at your direction with our affiliates, service providers, and third-parties. For more details on third parties we share data with, see the How We Share Information section in our Privacy Policy.  © 2019 Snap Inc. Privacy Policy Terms of Service Other Terms & Policies Impressum العربية 中文（简体） 中文（繁體） বাংলা (বাংলাদেশ) বাংলা (ভারতবর্ষ) Dansk Deutsch Ελληνικά English (US) English (UK) Español Español (Argentina) Español (México) Español (España) Filipino Français ગુજરાતી हिंदी Bahasa Indonesia Italiano 日本語 ಕನ್ನಡ 한국어 മലയാളം मराठी Bahasa Melayu Nederlands Norsk ਪੰਜਾਬੀ Polski Português (Brasil) Português (Portugal) Română Русский Suomi Svenska தமிழ் తెలుగు ภาษาไทย Türkçe اردو Tiếng Việt Hi! We use cookies and similar technologies (“cookies”), including third-party cookies, on this website to help operate and improve your experience on our site, monitor our site performance, and for advertising purposes. For more information on how we use cookies and your cookie choices, go here for our cookie policy! By clicking "Accept Cookies" below, you are giving us consent to use cookies (except consent is not required for cookies necessary to run our site). You can change your cookie settings, and withdraw your consent at any time, by clicking on “Cookie Settings” below. Accept Cookies Cookie Settings   