  skip to main content skip to footer Loading, please wait... Categories Women Men Young Adult Kids Shoes Baby Home Patio & Garden Furniture Kitchen & Dining Toys Electronics Video Games Movies, Music & Books Sports & Outdoors Beauty Personal Care Health Household Essentials Pets Grocery Luggage School & Office Supplies Party Supplies Bullseye's Playground Clearance Holiday Shop Target Finds What’s New Deals Clearance Weekly Ad Top Deals RedCard Exclusives Target Circle Offers Registries & Lists More Options RedCard Next Day Delivery Gift Cards Find Stores Favorites Pharmacy Subscriptions What’s New Your recommendations Get it fast Drive Up Order Pickup Free 2-Day Shipping Same Day Delivery Next Day Delivery Menu Categories Deals What’s New Same Day Same Day Delivery my account Sign in cart 0 items You're shopping (closes at 9pm) : Plano Registries & Lists Weekly Ad RedCard Gift Cards Find Stores Orders Favorites More Orders Account information The latest on our store health and safety plans The latest on our store health and safety plans The latest on our store health and safety plans From providing masks and gloves to our team members to  monitoring the number of guests shopping in store.   Learn more From providing masks and gloves to our team members to monitoring the number of guests shopping in store.   Learn more From providing masks and gloves to our team members to monitoring the number of guests shopping in store.   Learn more California Residents Target / Target Privacy Policy / California Residents ‎ California Residents California Consumer Privacy Act If you are a California resident, the information below also applies to you. Certain terms used in this section have the meanings given to them in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”).  Categories of Personal Information Target has collected from or about its Guests in the preceding 12 months   Identifiers (e.g. name, mailing address, email address, phone number, credit/debit card number)  Characteristics of protected classifications (e.g. gender, age)  Commercial information (e.g. products or services purchased, purchase history)  Internet or other electronic network activity (e.g. browse or search history)  Geolocation data (e.g. latitude or longitude)  Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information (e.g. recording of guest service calls)  Inferences drawn from any of the above (e.g. preferences or characteristics)   Categories of Sources from which Target has collected Personal Information about Guests (for more information, see the How is Your Information Collected section of this privacy policy) .   Stores  Target.com  Mobile Applications  Guest Relations  REDcard Applications  3rd Party Websites  Data Brokers  Social Media   Business or Commercial purposes for which Target has collected or sold Personal Information about Guests in the preceding 12 months (for more information, see the  How is Your Information Used section of this privacy policy) .   Performing services, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing advertising or marketing services, providing analytics services, or providing similar services;  Auditing related to a current interaction with you and concurrent transactions, including, but not limited to, counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance;  Short-term, transient use, including, but not limited to, the contextual customization of ads shown as part of the same interaction;  Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity;  Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;  Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration; and  Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us.   Categories of Personal Information Target has sold about Guests in the preceding 12 months   Internet or other electronic network activity (e.g. “cookies” or other tracking tags)   Categories of Personal Information Target has disclosed for a business purpose in the preceding 12 months   Identifiers (e.g. name, mailing address, email address, phone number, credit/debit card number)  Characteristics of protected classifications (e.g. gender, age)  Commercial information (e.g. products or services purchased, purchase history)  Internet or other electronic network activity (e.g. browse or search history)  Non-Discrimination  Target will not discriminate against you because you exercise your rights.  For example, Target will not deny you goods or services or charge you a different price or rate for goods or services if you make an access, deletion, or do not sell request.  Financial Incentive Program   Target Circle is a voluntary loyalty program that provides you with 1% earnings*, access to hundreds of deals, a birthday gift and community support. By joining Target Circle, you receive:   1% Earnings: You earn 1%* when you shop to redeem at Target later or continue saving 5%** with your REDcard. You cannot receive the REDcard 5% instant savings and earn the Target Circle 1% in the same transaction.  Hundreds of Deals: You get access to deals, plus offers just for you.  Birthday Gift: You receive 5% off a shopping trip. Restrictions apply.  Community Support: You help direct where Target gives in your community.   *Terms and restrictions apply to the 1% reward. Visit circle.target.com for details.  **Some restrictions apply. Program rules are available in store or at target.com/REDcard/about.  If you no longer wish to be a Target Circle member, you can opt out of Target Circle here .  If you opt out of Target Circle, any accumulated Target Circle Earnings rewards and Community Giving Program votes will be deleted and you may not have access to other Target Circle benefits.  If you later re-join Target Circle, any deleted Target Circle Earnings rewards or Community Giving Program votes will not be reinstated.  For information on the Target Circle Terms & Conditions, click here .  You have the following rights under the CCPA –  The right to make requests as follows:  Access Request (can make a request no more than twice in a 12-month period) – Request that Target disclose the following information  - Categories of personal information (“PI”) we collected about you during the preceding 12 months  - Categories of sources from which PI is collected  - Business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling PI  - Specific pieces of PI we collected about you  - Categories of PI Target has sold about you  - Categories of third parties to whom the PI was sold  - Categories of PI disclosed about you for a business purpose  - Categories of third parties to whom PI was disclosed for a business purpose  Deletion Request  - Request Target delete PI that we collected from you  Do Not Sell My Info  - Request Target opt you out of the sale of your PI  Submit Requests  Access Requests  Contact Target Guest Relations at 1-800-831-6880 or click this link .  Deletion Requests  Contact Target Guest Relations at 1-800-831-6880 or click this link .  Do Not Sell My Info Requests   Click this link . California Shine the Light If you are a California resident and have an established business relationship with us, you can request a notice disclosing the categories of personal information we have shared with third parties, for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes, during the preceding calendar year. To request a notice, please submit your request to Target Corporation, Attn: California Shine the Light Inquiry, P.O. Box 9350 Minneapolis, MN 55440. Please allow 30 days for a response.  If you are a California resident under 18 years old and a registered user, you can request that we remove content or information that you have posted to our website or other online services. Note that fulfilment of the request may not ensure complete or comprehensive removal (e.g., if the content or information has been reposted by another user). To request removal of content or information, please call Guest Relations at 800-440-0680 . return to Target Privacy Policy Sponsored Ad *See offer details. Restrictions apply. Pricing, promotions and availability may vary by location and at Target.com. Help Stores Apps Social More Recalls Terms Interest-Based Ads CA Privacy Rights CA Supply Chain Act Privacy Do Not Sell My Info - CA Resident Only ™ & © 2020 Target Brands, Inc.               